why do people move back up north after moving down south?	 city-data
smaller Upstate NY cities and towns/African American communities	 city-data
If New York State is so bad, why do we live here?	 city-data
Hey all New Yorkers I miss NY, moved south feel like I made a BIG mistake!	 city-data
For Those Interested in Developments in Ithaca	 city-data
For those interested in Technology and Economic activity in Upstate NY...	 city-data
Who else is moving to North Carolina?	 city-data
Do you miss NY now the you have left?	 city-data
Upstate NY job openings......	 city-data
Start selling your guns now, folks.	 city-data
New York has highest taxes in the US	 city-data
Warnings of moving to the south	 city-data
New York to Fall to 4th place in Population, Behind Florida	 city-data
Divide New York into Two States?	 city-data
Top 10 States People Are Fleeing...Guess who's #1?	 city-data
dont move to utica ny	 city-data
15 questions about the Thruway cities	 city-data
New York City is a drain on all of us.	 city-data
Upstate New York future	 city-data
What is Upstate???	 city-data
Why has the New York's population growth rate been so darn pathetic compared to its rivals?	 city-data
41% of  NYers would move if they could...	 city-data
Thinking of leaving the South and heading to the Northeast.	 city-data
New York's Young People Fleeing the State	 city-data
New York - WHY do you accept your high taxes?!	 city-data
Dont Move To North Carolina!!!!!	 city-data
Left or planning to leave?	 city-data
New York Residents: Who Are You Voting For 2014?	 city-data
"Why" do you live in upstate NY?	 city-data
NY continues to lose residents (D&C/Gannett May 11th 2016)	 city-data
Houston vs. Dallas	 city-data
Better skyline Houston or Dallas?	 city-data
Texas Trivia	 city-data
Texas Medical Center in HOU poised to overtake Downtown Dallas in 5-6 years	 city-data
Wallace Town USA (a West Texas chattin' thread)	 city-data
Progress Race:Dallas,Houston,Austin,San Antonio	 city-data
Dallas Skyline(WOW)Yes another Dallas to Houston comparison thread!	 city-data
Is Texas more Western or Southern?	 city-data
Why is Houston Better Than Dallas?	 city-data
Dallas v. Houston Luxury Shopping- 2013	 city-data
Is it true that Texans do not like to be referred to as Southerners?	 city-data
Why Are People ALWAYS Bashing Texas & Houston?	 city-data
Does anyone ever want to LEAVE Texas??	 city-data
Better place to live?? Dallas metro or Houston metro?	 city-data
Whataburger sucks compared to In-N-Out! You Texans have not truly lived until you have had an In-N-Out burger!	 city-data
Texas secede?	 city-data
The new towers of Texas	 city-data
Why I Left Texas?	 city-data
Is Texas really as conservative/narrow-minded as people say it is?	 city-data
Is East Texas culturally part of the Deep South?	 city-data
Why is Waco hated so much?	 city-data
Relocation from NYC to Texas: Houston, Dallas, or Austin?	 city-data
Worst Texas Skyline	 city-data
Texas: A Shopping Paradise	 city-data
Best Texas Downtown	 city-data
Poll: Most Texans want statewide smoking ban	 city-data
Why do Texans refer to all soda as "Coke"?	 city-data
Which big Texas city has the best downtown? (Dallas, Houston, Austin, San Antonio, Ft. Worth)	 city-data
Why do Texans dislike Houston?	 city-data
Texas cities A-Z name game...	 city-data
Nostalgia	 city-data
The OFFICIAL Proposition 8 Thread: READ HERE FIRST	 city-data
Why do people hate California?	 city-data
Free Chat Thread  !!!	 city-data
In-N-Out is one of the worst burger joints I've ever come across (srs)	 city-data
Texas governor Rick Perry wants California businesses	 city-data
What's Happened to California???	 city-data
The Great California Exodus	 city-data
CA is about to become the toughest state on guns	 city-data
Active weather pattern	 city-data
How do you afford to live in California?	 city-data
Are people REALLY jealous of California?	 city-data
Gay marriage in California	 city-data
California Losing To Texas	 city-data
I hate Santa Barbara	 city-data
Im Done with California! I hate it!	 city-data
Hyperion: Tallest Redwood: Heard hide or hair? Scuttlebutt?	 city-data
CALEXIT: Would you support a secession?	 city-data
Weather Thread	 city-data
Public Employee Unions want to change Prop. 13 so busness property tax goes up & up more every year.	 city-data
Prop 8 overturned	 city-data
Millennials (Are we doomed)?	 city-data
California wants to push more welfare recipients to work	 city-data
Who's actually leaving California	 city-data
California vegetable experience for those with "nature deficit disorder"	 city-data
Most "hillybilly" place in California?	 city-data
Californians Packing up and leaving....	 city-data
Welcome back affirmative action in education	 city-data
The Texas Miracle (?) that California helped pay for ...	 city-data
Could this happen in California?	 city-data
Housing Bubble Popped but why aren't the prices reflecting it?	 city-data
Florida: A good place to visit, but terrible place to live?	 city-data
2008 Florida Housing market Thread  Jan - Mar	 city-data
What does Florida lack that makes everyone want to go "home"?	 city-data
Florida Housing market Thread	 city-data
Sanford "murder"	 city-data
TB Weather	 city-data
Trayvon Martin Issue - Media	 city-data
Florida - The best state in the America?	 city-data
Florida is CRAZY these days (links from last week)	 city-data
FL Housing Bust News:  Predict the End of the Bust	 city-data
Florida Pics	 city-data
Preserving the Beauty – Florida Pics	 city-data
Why are people still moving to Florida?	 city-data
Time for Florida to legalize Marijuana!  The economic benefit would be awesome!	 city-data
Why are Floridians relocating out of state	 city-data
How "southern" is northern Florida?	 city-data
I'm considering a strategic default on my mortgage	 city-data
Am I The Only One Who Doesn't Like Florida?	 city-data
Publix: What are your thoughts?	 city-data
Real Estate Bubble Poll	 city-data
Are Floridians jealous of people who live in the North?	 city-data
Is Anywhere Safe In Florida??	 city-data
Florida news thread	 city-data
When will Florida be a socially liberal and progressive state?	 city-data
Where Is The Best Place To Live In Florida For Work And Affordable Housing?	 city-data
Why do Floridians dislike Northerners so much?	 city-data
I hate Florida summers	 city-data
Do YOU enjoy the FL 9-month summer?	 city-data
Does anyone else miss Florida?	 city-data
Oddities of geography	 city-data
Which states are considered northeastern?	 city-data
Why do so many people hate the Midwest?	 city-data
Why do most black people have a southern accent?	 city-data
Which Southern State is the Least Southern?	 city-data
Which states do you consider The South?	 city-data
African Americans and the South question	 city-data
Are Maryland and Delaware part of the South or North?	 city-data
13 reasons why the Northeast is the best region	 city-data
What city really "dominates" the south?	 city-data
South Draws U.S. Blacks	 city-data
What shocks Foreigners the Most about the US?	 city-data
Are Pittsburgh, Buffalo, and Erie Northeastern or Midwestern?	 city-data
From how far away can you see your skyline??	 city-data
Chain restaurants in the South vs. Chain restaurants in the North	 city-data
Where do the bounderies for The South begin?	 city-data
Why does the Midwest get such a bum rap?	 city-data
Is there more English or German ancestry in America?	 city-data
Are the people "Down South" really FAKE-FRIENDLY?	 city-data
Northern Blacks Vs. Southern Blacks	 city-data
Most annoying US accent	 city-data
Is middle America vastly underrated?	 city-data
Where is the south?	 city-data
Which city has the most beautiful and breathtaking skyline?	 city-data
Ohio should be considered a Northeastern state	 city-data
Crummiest Freaking town in America	 city-data
What is the southernmost northeastern state geographically?	 city-data
Cities that could use a professional sports team in NBA, MLS, MLB, NFL, NHL?	 city-data
Why don't Americans travel overseas?	 city-data
Does Virginia have more similarities with Maryland or North Carolina?	 city-data
My definition of Midwest	 city-data
The Sunbelt Boom is Not Going to End	 city-data
Official Post Your Accent Thread (while the rest of us guess what city/state/region you're from)	 city-data
Have you been there? (Game)	 city-data
17 cultural reasons why this european never wants to live in the US	 city-data
Mispronounced City and State names	 city-data
Top 5 favorite and least favorite states	 city-data
Does anyone else find the East more beautiful than the West?	 city-data
The "In-N-Out Paradox"	 city-data
Which is more unbearable: the Northern winter, or the Southern summer?	 city-data
Why are Black Neighborhoods so often a city's Worst Neighborhoods?	 city-data
Most Beautiful State	 city-data
US metros with the highest percentage of "white ethnics"	 city-data
What is your concept of the MidAtlantic region?	 city-data
Impact of Chicago being overtaken in #3 population spot by Dallas or Houston in the future?	 city-data
Do you think Chicago will ever surpass LA in population?	 city-data
A US city to Host Olympics in the Future?	 city-data
Is Texas part of the South?	 city-data
Places where you would never live	 city-data
The South Will Rise Again	 city-data
Who thinks home prices will fall?	 city-data
Developing Upstate New York	 city-data
Ithaca, New York?	 city-data
Worried About Wind Turbines	 city-data
Upper Middle class african-american communities in ny	 city-data
How far does one have to move from New York City to get away from "THE ATTITUDE"?	 city-data
NYS Fracking	 city-data
New Yorkers, I Have a Question.	 city-data
Thank you New York for dispelling a few myths for me!	 city-data
Thinking of Moving from Texas to New York	 city-data
Why Are Property Taxes In New York So High?	 city-data
Will Upstate NY Come Back From The Economic Decline?	 city-data
How Would You Rate Andrew Cuomo's Term As Governor?	 city-data
Dont Understand New Yorkers Hype For The Sun-Belt	 city-data
Is fracking coming to NY state?	 city-data
Newburgh NY To Greenville SC	 city-data
Has anyone from Western NYS moved south and then moved back to WNYS at all?	 city-data
WNY colloquialisms and accents	 city-data
HELP! Best towns in Upstate NY to move to?	 city-data
WNY - Should we move back?	 city-data
Which neighborhoods to stay away from in Elmira and Corning?	 city-data
New York Taxes Rated "Most Fair" in the USA	 city-data
Should NYS be split into two states?	 city-data
Anybody leave NY only to come back?	 city-data
who thinks home prices will fall soon?	 city-data
Albany vs Rochester	 city-data
upstate, ny population loss	 city-data
What is Binghamton like?	 city-data
Los Angeles - New York (Possibly Syracuse) - Need Reccomendations	 city-data
How much is enough in Plattsburgh?	 city-data
San Diego or Orange County??	 city-data
Why did you...or why do you want to move out of California?	 city-data
California vs. Texas provides very stark job comparison	 city-data
Why is CA gaining total population but losing white population?	 city-data
California population to hit 60 million by 2050 - Whites a minority	 city-data
Another glorious So Cal Winter morning	 city-data
are new gun laws really what the people of CA want?	 city-data
the California accent	 city-data
How many actual California "natives" here... and where's everyone else from?	 city-data
I would just like to point out	 city-data
Plastic bag law...	 city-data
Just for fun...when CA. finally taxes you out, where will you go? Why?	 city-data
Fresno Struggles With $15 Min Wage	 city-data
Reasons Not to Move To California	 city-data
California Gas Stations Begin to Shut on Record-High Prices	 city-data
Did you leave CA only to realize there is no place like home and came back?	 city-data
Carl's Jr wants to move its Headquarters	 city-data
Why Is "Cracker Barrel" Restaurant Not in CA?	 city-data
California, Most Hated State.. Why?	 city-data
Do you support marijuana legalization in California?	 city-data
Where does all that money collected by outrageous taxes, fees, fines, and costs go in California?	 city-data
California's minimum wage should be $12.00/hr	 city-data
Texas is the new California?	 city-data
If California Is Doing So Great, Why Are So Many Leaving?	 city-data
California $15/hr Wage On November Ballot	 city-data
More Than 6 Million Californians – Over One-Third of Them Children – Lived in Poverty in 2010	 city-data
Donald Trump's strongest support in California	 city-data
How many are thinking of leaving California?	 city-data
Trayvon Martin Case Updates: 2 Judges Recuse, "graphic pictures" of Zimmerman's Injuries, Bond set at $150K	 city-data
Official Thread: Tragedies in Boston; bombing, shootings, and city shutdown for manhunt	 city-data
Chick Fil A and boycott	 city-data
Zimmerman Trial Part 5 The Jury Decides	 city-data
Conn Elementary shooting	 city-data
Zimmerman Trial Part 4	 city-data
Gov. Shutdown Thread	 city-data
Zimmerman trial begins, right on schedule (link inside)	 city-data
Guns (Merged Thread)	 city-data
Donald Trump - The Latest Birther.........And all other Birther Topics	 city-data
A child's life in a "gay" household	 city-data
Birther brigade going after Rubio now	 city-data
Ebola in Our Midsts Part 2	 city-data
The Eligibility Thread	 city-data
The Zimmerman-Martin Case	 city-data
Benghazi terrorist attacks and the Whistleblowers	 city-data
Ebola in Our Midsts	 city-data
The Killing of Michael Brown/Ferguson, MO Unrest	 city-data
***The Verdict #Ferguson***	 city-data
Official Thread: Trayvon Martin Case	 city-data
Trayvon Martin Case:  Will Zimmerman be convicted?	 city-data
Here We Go Again: Mass Shooting in San Bernardino CA	 city-data
Barack Obama Birth Certificate Thread	 city-data
Zimmerman Trial	 city-data
News, Indiana's Pence to sign bill allowing businesses to reject gay customers	 city-data
***Zimmerman-Martin Case (Part 3)***	 city-data
North Carolina approves amendment to ban gay marriage with 58% vote!	 city-data
~* Abortion debate and poll *~	 city-data
***Zimmerman-Martin Case (Part 5)***	 city-data
'Bill Nye the Science Guy' to Take On Creationist in Evolution Debate	 city-data
Official 10:00 healthcare ruling decision thread	 city-data
Ammon Bundy, 3 others arrested in Oregon amid shots fired – reports	 city-data
Colorado shooting	 city-data
Official Thread: Minister in Florida intends to hold International Burn a Qu'ran Day	 city-data
*****Osama bin Laden Dead*****	 city-data
The palin thread: All palin threads have been merged into this one for your viewing and debating pleasure!	 city-data
Hispanic assimilation has failed	 city-data
***Zimmerman-Martin Case (Part 4)***	 city-data
Another unarmed black kid gunned down by cops, this time in St Louis	 city-data
Any Trump supporters here????	 city-data
Black women not wanting black men, what exactly is the issue in your opinion?	 city-data
Tea Party Thread	 city-data
Do you feel it is correct to teach children that homosexuality is normal and natural?	 city-data
Hawaii Official now swears (In affidavit)	 city-data
*******ACA Commentary*******	 city-data
IRS knowingly targets Conservative groups!	 city-data
Congresswoman shot, federal judge killed by mass murderer in Arizona	 city-data
Everything to do with the Israel and Gaza conflict	 city-data
CNN: President to show original long form birth certificate	 city-data
Obama takes shot at business owners: "If you’ve got a business - you didn’t build that.  Somebody else made that happen"	 city-data
*****Health Care Thread (part three)*****	 city-data
Paris Under Attack	 city-data
Syria -- a problem from hell	 city-data
What is wrong with retail/service being paid a "liveable" wage?	 city-data
***Crisis at the Border***	 city-data
President Barack Obama Wins Nobel Peace Prize	 city-data
Baltimore City is Being Destroyed as Shown on TV Now.........	 city-data
Minimum wage isn't meant to be a living wage	 city-data
The Killing of Michael Brown/Darren Wilson/Ferguson, MO  Part 4	 city-data
Here We Go Again!   Shooting at Oregon Community College.	 city-data
***ACA (Obamacare) News Thread***	 city-data
British Exit (Brexit) from EU - How Britain May Trigger A Political Earthquake	 city-data
Gay marriage bans struck down :)	 city-data
What's wrong with teaching evolution in public school?	 city-data
Ukraine Updates	 city-data
Obama presidency - failure or success?	 city-data
Josh Duggar apologizes amid molestation allegations	 city-data
Questions for people who support gay marriage	 city-data
If you are not in the top 1%, you are in the bottom 99.	 city-data
Zimmerman Trial Part 3	 city-data
State-wide smoking ban (HB 670/SB 355)	 city-data
Houston vs Dallas for African Americans	 city-data
Trader Joe's Coming To Texas	 city-data
Why do some Texans hate California?	 city-data
Do Texas natives consider Texas the South or Midwest	 city-data
If Texas is soo great, why is it so cheap?	 city-data
> Texans and the KKK	 city-data
Texans VS Californians	 city-data
Best and Worst City in Texas to Live in ?	 city-data
It appear Texas A&M is headed to SEC	 city-data
Texans vs Cowboys, Let the hate begin!	 city-data
The Texas Appreciation Thread	 city-data
What Do You Like/Dislike About Texas?	 city-data
Texas is alot like California in many ways	 city-data
Austin, Dallas, or Houston?	 city-data
Is Texs in the Southwest or South?	 city-data
Are atheists welcome in Texas	 city-data
Here are my thoughts on Austin and why we might be leaving for SA	 city-data
Most overrated or overhyped city: Dallas, Austin, or Houston?	 city-data
I dislike the Texan accent	 city-data
Should Texas prisons be airconditioned ?	 city-data
The nation's obsession with Texas?	 city-data
Which is more "country" Dallas or Houston??? Set the record straight..	 city-data
Where are the real racist parts of Texas??	 city-data
Poll: Best Downtown in Texas?	 city-data
Second Biggest City in Texas	 city-data
What cities in Texas would you consider to be a major cities?	 city-data
How many of you have guns?	 city-data
Civil Unions in Texas	 city-data
The Stereotypes & Personalities of Texas Cities	 city-data
How Long did you live in Florida before you moved out?	 city-data
Culturally, can peninsular Florida be grouped together with the West?	 city-data
Florida is a right to work state - why is this a bad thing?	 city-data
How hot is it REALLY in Florida?	 city-data
Goodbye Florida, Back to Pittsburgh for Us!	 city-data
Countdown to Florida has begun for Sunny Days!!!!!!!	 city-data
Success stories of those who have been successful in moving to Florida	 city-data
For those who are miserable in FL only...	 city-data
Do you like Florida's climate?	 city-data
Floridian's:  if you could pick up and leave.. where would you go?	 city-data
Please read if you are considering moving to Florida.	 city-data
Who is, has or wants to move to Florida ?	 city-data
Is Connecticut or Florida a better place to raise a family?	 city-data
Natives that Want to Leave Florida	 city-data
What do you all think about this Cold????	 city-data
What is the single most important issue about moving to Florida	 city-data
Does Florida have a certain trashiness about it?	 city-data
I don't get the complaints about the heat/humidity	 city-data
Southern hospitality, is Florida part of the south?	 city-data
The Official "its snowing so I want to move to Florida" thread	 city-data
Where are all the Floridians going?	 city-data
Where are the ugliest, dirtiest, scariest parts of Florida?	 city-data
People leaving Florida for gainful employment	 city-data
Is anyone else trying to sell their home and getting depressed?	 city-data
What is the end game for northerners moving to FL?	 city-data
Why do people consider Florida such a bad place?	 city-data
Will the Oil Spill Impact on Panama City Beach?	 city-data
Despite all the negative threads, I'm moving to North Port soon!	 city-data
From the North - I hate Florida	 city-data
Which would you rather have Florida summers or NY winters?	 city-data
If you could live in 5 places in the US, what would they be?	 city-data
Houston and Chicago is it possible?	 city-data
2030 MSA Population predictions	 city-data
Enough with the bashing of Mississippi and Alabama	 city-data
Is New Jersey More Like Maryland or Connecticut	 city-data
Washington DC: Northern City, Southern City, or Somwheres in Between?	 city-data
Does New York have more in common with New England or Maryland/DC?	 city-data
More southern Maryland or Missouri??	 city-data
Why do Northerners brag about Winter toughness but...	 city-data
The Northeasternization of the South	 city-data
What states do you consider Southern/Northern?	 city-data
Which US regional Variation of pizza is better??	 city-data
A serious question for northerners	 city-data
Why does the Midwest get so much hate?	 city-data
Why do some Americans think "Hispanic" is a race?	 city-data
Irrigation = not Midwestern?	 city-data
Where does the South begin? Which states are South? (merged threads)	 city-data
Most Ignored Major Cities	 city-data
Where is the absolutely worst crime filled neighborhood in America?	 city-data
"But we have great summers."	 city-data
Most "Narnian" Cities	 city-data
"Northernmost Southern cities...."	 city-data
Cities you were shocked that you disliked	 city-data
Cities with lots of White People	 city-data
Which states are the Deep South?	 city-data
Why do people stay in cold  US climates? Poll	 city-data
Black Culture and Relevance by Region	 city-data
What makes the South "Southern"?	 city-data
Why is the midwest and south looked down upon by BosWash people?	 city-data
The Good, The Bad and the Streetview	 city-data
Which major city do you notice most a inferiority complex? Version 2.0	 city-data
We should take a poll to find the North/South dividing line	 city-data
Texas VS Florida-As a place to live	 city-data
Classifying the American South	 city-data
America's best places to live-Big Cities Poll-CNNMoney	 city-data
Are you jealous of people living in Florida?	 city-data
Number of Waffle House locations by state	 city-data
if Rust Belt has been hurting for so long, then why are so many people still there	 city-data
Good places to live for the "Non-Stereotypical" Black dude	 city-data
Does every person from up North want to move South?	 city-data
Which city has the WORST weather overall weather?	 city-data
What accents do you like and dislike?	 city-data
What's worse: Living in a place that has brutal summers or brutal winters?	 city-data
Can any U.S. city really compare to Los Angeles, California?	 city-data
Differences within the South	 city-data
Will the Southern accent die out?	 city-data
What does the entire Midwest have in common?	 city-data
Why is the south "slow" compared to North?	 city-data
Deep South opinions of Virginia and North Carolina	 city-data
The Positive in WNY	 city-data
Nicest town in NY state?	 city-data
Why Does Everyone Dislike Elmira,ny?	 city-data
Why is Buf, Roc and Syr so cheap?	 city-data
Comfortable/friendly cities for an African-American family?	 city-data
Any NYers want to go North, Not South?	 city-data
NYS Correction Officer Trainee test!?!	 city-data
NY Residents: Do You Support Cuomo's Safe Act?	 city-data
Why we moved FROM NY state	 city-data
Tips on moving to rural New York State	 city-data
Dunkirk or Fredonia NY	 city-data
Is this much snow tolerable or do you think of moving South?	 city-data
Transplanted or Returned to Upstate NY over last year	 city-data
Canton vs Potsdam NY for a single person?	 city-data
Binghamton, NY high levels of incompetence	 city-data
Study Finds NY is the Least Free State.	 city-data
Am I crazy to consider relocating to upstate NY in this economy?	 city-data
Buffalo vs Rochester	 city-data
When did Western New York become the Midwest?	 city-data
cigarettes almost 9$ a pack?	 city-data
Hudson Valley NY	 city-data
"Greetings From Niagara Falls" New Documentary Trailer	 city-data
The Upstate NY Pronunciation Guide!	 city-data
Jamestown, New York	 city-data
Gritty Niagara Falls, New York *photo gallery* *news*	 city-data
is binghamton, ny really that bad....?	 city-data
any help on amsterdam?	 city-data
SUNY schools, advice please!	 city-data
Does SUNY present a uniquely New York problem?	 city-data
Relocating to Binghamton area...help please!	 city-data
Bill Maher Says CA Taxes Are Too High	 city-data
San Luis Obispo, The happiest town in America.	 city-data
California Special Election May 19	 city-data
When Hispanics become majority of this state (mid-2014), will there be white flight?	 city-data
Court Stops Arizona Law\ California Vindicated	 city-data
What the heck happened to California???	 city-data
NYTimes: The Texas Unmiracle	 city-data
Prop 8 - Judge rules to put marriages on hold	 city-data
Blue Shield Of California instituting furloughs due to ObamaCare costs	 city-data
Unemployment 4th extension: 20 weeks for Californians	 city-data
Please don't call it Cali	 city-data
California Comment	 city-data
Where are the youth of the Bay Area going to move?	 city-data
More people leaving the state than entering this year	 city-data
How much is Gas per gallon in California these days?	 city-data
Gov Brown Signs $15 CA min wage law  RIP California Businesses	 city-data
New Gas Tax...January 1...California already has some of the highest gas prices in the country	 city-data
Assembly Bill 746 - Proposal to Prohibit Smoking in All Multi-Family Residential Units	 city-data
Proposition 8 Supporters are not all bigots	 city-data
Toyota Afraid It Could Lose 70% Of Workforce In Move To Texas	 city-data
Californians are fleeing the state in droves.....273,833 people lost since 2010	 city-data
The Terrorist Attack in Florida Will Insure that all the Gun Control Measures Currently Pending Will Pass	 city-data
If you moved out of California, where and why did you go?	 city-data
State of Jefferson	 city-data
What's the truth about Santa Maria - Orcutt?	 city-data
Non Hispanic Whites are fleeing California...down 0.72% since 2010...White Flight	 city-data
I admit it.  I'm angry with California!	 city-data
California city name game A-Z....	 city-data
Jamba Juice leaving Ca for Texas	 city-data
The future of oil and gas on the world stage !	 city-data
East Texas Rednecks	 city-data
Texan Mentality?	 city-data
Texans and their Guns	 city-data
Odessa and Midland Developments	 city-data
The Cotton Bowl or The Astrodome	 city-data
Which City Has More Character Nacogdoche/Lufkin/Longview	 city-data
Why doesn't Houston have an In-N-Out Yet?! I deserve it.	 city-data
Can the Cowboys make it to their own Super Bowl?	 city-data
Legalize Marijuana in Texas?	 city-data
It's official...Texas worst place to live in the US..	 city-data
Texas: The Next Supertall	 city-data
Texas Top 15 Universities	 city-data
Why do Californians seemingly ALWAYS want to come to Austin vs the other big cities?	 city-data
Dear Texas, are you embarrassed by your Gov?	 city-data
Texas definition of "yankee"	 city-data
In-N-Out Burger is coming to Texas	 city-data
Texas Music Thread	 city-data
The BIG 4 - Dallas, Houston, San Antonio, Austin	 city-data
Californians Hating on Texans	 city-data
Houston-Dallas Comparison: African-American communities	 city-data
Future Texas	 city-data
Texas Is Way Too Dry During Summer	 city-data
Is Texas a Southern or Western state?	 city-data
12 Million more Texans by 2030	 city-data
Dallas vs. Houston	 city-data
Better Architecture: Big D or H-Town?	 city-data
What is it about Texas you love?	 city-data
WTI below $82. Ghostly Warnings of a Bust?	 city-data
Which metropolis feels larger: Dallas MSA or Houston MSA?	 city-data
Anyone move OUT of Florida and then back?	 city-data
Not guilty!	 city-data
When will Florida outlaw smoking in bars?	 city-data
Progressive/Liberal Areas of Florida	 city-data
Florida humidity	 city-data
Florida's POOR showing on new "Best Places to Live" List, Why?	 city-data
Who's Leaving Florida And Why?	 city-data
Is life in Florida comparable to life in California?	 city-data
Rick Scott rejects federal funds for high speed rail line b/t Tampa & Orlando	 city-data
Study shows that 34% of Americans want to live in Orlando and Tampa.	 city-data
"Depression Like Economy"  How will Florida fare?	 city-data
Culturally, Florida is...	 city-data
The worst of Florida (photos and stories)!	 city-data
Does living in florida really suck that bad?	 city-data
Anyone else feel trapped by the heat yet?	 city-data
Negativity	 city-data
Like the Florida weather? I challenge you to go without air condition!	 city-data
Preserving the Beauty of FL 2009	 city-data
Theory about those who dislike Florida	 city-data
Where have all the Florida jobs gone?	 city-data
House prices forcasted to drop 20-25% another says 30%	 city-data
Do Floridans identify with the rest of the South?	 city-data
Florida Bashing	 city-data
As I sit hear sweating, I envy the northerners!	 city-data
Are you boycotting Florida?	 city-data
Preserving the Beauty – Florida Pics II	 city-data
Florida population drops like a rock	 city-data
For those that have left FL - where did you go?	 city-data
Woman yells at Gov Scott to his face.	 city-data
Why are so many Floridians relocating to North Carolina?	 city-data
2015 Census state estimates released	 city-data
States with the ugliest people?	 city-data
any truth to Southern stereotypes?	 city-data
How come college football is not as big in the Northeast/New England as the rest of the country???	 city-data
Where Mid Atlantic meets the South	 city-data
Will the sunbelt boom slow down? Will the north ever boom again?	 city-data
Do you prefer the cold or hot?	 city-data
Why is New York City and Philadelphia not viewed as Mid-Atlantic cities?	 city-data
How Is winter where you are?	 city-data
Why Are People Fleeing Midwest Cities?	 city-data
Most Atheist American cities?	 city-data
America's Ugliest Cities	 city-data
Which Cities are Northeastern?	 city-data
States that would be culture shock to a New Englander	 city-data
Are there states that people are scared of?	 city-data
The Southeast replaces California as the "American Dream" destination	 city-data
Poor America	 city-data
Cities with best Chinese food	 city-data
Drinking age lower to 18?	 city-data
Why do Americans like the NBA, NFL? And not tennis	 city-data
Natural features that don't really "wow" you	 city-data
Census Shows Americans Fleeing High-Tax States	 city-data
First Impressions of Cities	 city-data
Are Cities dominated by people from German stock better?	 city-data
Do you think New York City,Los Angeles,and Chicago will always be the most meaningful cities in the United States?	 city-data
Best Cities in the Midwest with Pop. 200,000+	 city-data
Predominantly African-American cities with low crime...	 city-data
What part of America has the worst weather in your opinion?	 city-data
African American presence in cities/metro areas	 city-data
The 5 Most Important Cities to the US	 city-data
Do the bulk of white americans look more British/Irish or German?	 city-data
Why do people hate the Southern accents?	 city-data
St. Louis is San Francisco of the midwest	 city-data
What city is the "red headed step child" or "Punching bag" of your state?	 city-data
Best of the Midwest	 city-data
What state is most forgotten?	 city-data
Most Southern non-Confederate state; Oklahoma, Kentucky, or West Virginia?	 city-data
What US City should get a Major League Baseball franchise next??	 city-data
Houston 2nd largest city in the U.S. in the future?	 city-data
What are the most diverse Black communities?	 city-data
Artist Towns - Nationally and in your Neck of the Woods!	 city-data
Why do southerners put "American" as their ancestry on the census?	 city-data
Why the South is a subtropical paradise	 city-data
What cities are just not impressive at all?	 city-data
Why is "hot weather" so desirable?	 city-data
Confederate States of America	 city-data
Which Northerners do Southerners Least Want to See Relocating South?	 city-data
The Glamorous Life!	 city-data
What metros could Atlanta Metro surpass in population?	 city-data
If You Had to Move to the South	 city-data
Backwards in Tennessee, Creationism Creeps Into Classrooms	 city-data
Supreme Court Weighing Gay Marriage Cases	 city-data
Domestic Terrorist attack in Norway, Anders Behring Breivik apprehended	 city-data
PayPal pulls North Carolina plan after transgender bathroom law	 city-data
Health Care Bill Has Passed!	 city-data
How is Abortion a 'Right?'	 city-data
Should creationism be taught in public schools?	 city-data
US Ambassador killed in Libya	 city-data
Tea Party forces collapsed economy, Then blame Obama...	 city-data
Bruce Jenner Is 'Transitioning into a Woman,' Source Confirms to PEOPLE	 city-data
Sgt Bergdahl released	 city-data
LA Clippers owner tells girlfriend not to bring African-Americans to "my games"	 city-data
*The Rush Limbaugh Thread* Love Him or Hate Him, Post Here	 city-data
Evil cops are at it again	 city-data
IRS claims some Lois Lerner emails lost due to pc crash. Excuse me?!?!	 city-data
Did Liberal Dem Rep. Anthony "Wiener" send "suggestive" picture of part of his anatomy.....	 city-data
What will a white-minority US look like?	 city-data
The legal system failed Trayvon Martin	 city-data
Fox News Lies !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	 city-data
Expanded Background checks fail in Senate	 city-data
Restoring Honor Rally this Saturday	 city-data
Hamas rockets do very little damage says MSNBC anchor	 city-data
***Health Care Thread (part two)***	 city-data
Pit Bulls Have No Place In A Civilized Society!	 city-data
Why abortion is wrong -- The Golden Rule	 city-data
When are the bottom 50% going to start paying their fair share?	 city-data
Falcon Heights, Minnesota Police Shoot and Kill another black man today. Facebook Live Video [WARNING: GRAPHIC]	 city-data
Gay marriage will soon be legal	 city-data
The Killing of Michael Brown/Ferguson, MO Unrest Part 3	 city-data
Universal "socialized" Health Care	 city-data
Obama Defends Ground Zero Mosque Plans	 city-data
Player fined for daring to say outloud gay kiss was gross...	 city-data
Official Thread: Federal judge rules California ban on same-sex marriage unconstitutional.	 city-data
Martin/Zimmerman’	 city-data
*****GOP Presidential Debate 9PM EST*****	 city-data
Whats Wrong With Idaho The Reddest and Whitest of All States is all in for Obamacare	 city-data
Nevada Rancher Situation and Government Response.	 city-data
Mother shot and killed by 2 year old toddler in Walmart	 city-data
Zimmerman granted $1 million bond	 city-data
The Killer's Manifesto	 city-data
Wisconsin, Michigan -- No Smoking Rooms In Hotels -- Period.  Thank Liberals.	 city-data
Oh Brother, GLAAD Has a New Target - Duck Dynasty!	 city-data
Government Shut Down Thread	 city-data
The "pussyhat" protesters marching today to protest Trump election	 city-data
Modern Poverty in America Includes A.C. and an Xbox	 city-data
Why do the males get no say?	 city-data
Breaking: Georgia Judge Subpoenas Obama, Original BC, College Admissions, Passport & Immigration/Naturalization Records	 city-data
CIA Torture Report to be released	 city-data
Why Are Poor People Poor?	 city-data
Why same-sex "marriage" is a mortal threat to our civilization	 city-data
Is It Too Late To Save Detroit---Not If Liberals Democrats Are In Charge	 city-data
Supreme Court Strikes Down Unconstitutional Abortion Restrictions	 city-data
HILLARY used a personal email account for all State Department official business.	 city-data
Kaepernick converted to Islam two months ago. No wonder his disrespects the National Anthem!	 city-data
Supreme Court appointment - What should happen	 city-data
What's wrong with gay marriage?	 city-data
Stanford Swimmer Who Raped Unconscious Woman Gets Short Sentence Because Jail Would Have a ‘Severe Impact on Him’	 city-data
court rules for Hobby Lobby	 city-data
The TSA Situation: Thoughts, Opinions, Investigations?	 city-data
Father of German exchange student killed by Montana homeowner slams U.S. gun culture	 city-data
Secret CIA assessment says Russia was trying to help Trump win White House	 city-data
Where are all the photos of the Sandy Hook shooting?	 city-data
AND...the protests begin/continue	 city-data
Montana talks of leaving the Union over gun rights !	 city-data
Trump to announce Carrier staying in the U.S.	 city-data
Harvard Professor Arrested at Home - Responses, Opinions?	 city-data
Chris Dorner to be first US citizen targeted by drones on US soil	 city-data
Next Up. Ferguson Grand Jury Votes	 city-data
2016 movie---coming to a theatre near you----scary	 city-data
white house: Netanyahu visit "destructive". Yikes	 city-data
New York, IL, one and two for population losses in 2013	 city-data
YES!  Steve Levy is running for Governor!!	 city-data
crime in cities in upstate new york	 city-data
Newburgh, NY: Police State	 city-data
Tell me about New York's micropolitan areas	 city-data
So ready to leave NYS@@	 city-data
Moving to Adirondacks from NYC	 city-data
Wind Turbine Proposal Submitted to Stamford, Roxbury, NY - Invenergy LLC	 city-data
Most Powerful City in New York outside of NYC	 city-data
Places to look into in Broome County	 city-data
New York draws toughest gun law in the country....	 city-data
seeking liberal, veggie/eco/outdoorsy friendly small town. help?	 city-data
Florida to Plattsburgh?	 city-data
Most dangerous city in NY?	 city-data
Rockland County Schools	 city-data
Secession of New York City area to form 51st state	 city-data
Curious as to why people are leaving our area (the state as a whole)	 city-data
School District Aid Map......	 city-data
Breaking News - Paterson Signs Early Retirement Incentive into law today	 city-data
Lack of upstate NY jobs in education	 city-data
Battle of the Upstate WNY skyline: Buffalo or Rochester (moved from city vs. city)	 city-data
Up-State New York	 city-data
Where is Diamond City upstate NY?	 city-data
Fastest growing towns in Upstate NY	 city-data
Which is better Rochester, Buffalo or Syracuse?	 city-data
Thruway tolls	 city-data
Areas to avoid in Upstate.	 city-data
Similar urbanish environment sought in CNY or WNY	 city-data
Binghmaton - OK or Dreadful?	 city-data
Can anyone tell me about BINGHAMTON?	 city-data
Is the proposed minimum wage hike good for the California Economy?	 city-data
Who has tried moving to another state	 city-data
"Gay Day" in Schools officially signed into CA Law?	 city-data
What will Trump mean for CA?	 city-data
Is california as bad as people say it is?	 city-data
What's up with the liberal stereotype?	 city-data
68 billion dollar high speed rail from LA to San Fran...	 city-data
Who's really considering moving out of California	 city-data
The state of California to boycott Arizona?	 city-data
Sick of non-Californians bashing Californians	 city-data
Why are so many Californians moving to other states?	 city-data
the "yes means yes" law	 city-data
Gov. Brown signs ban on open handgun carrying	 city-data
UCLA Racist Rant	 city-data
California Budget : Same tune .. Different year	 city-data
Thinking of fleeing California?  Top destinations --	 city-data
Proposition 23 - Stop Global Warming Silliness- Will it Pass?	 city-data
Obama Care raising insurance rates in California- Thank's Barry	 city-data
Question for the Bakersfield haters	 city-data
California Republican Party in decline	 city-data
Families Packing Up and Leaving California	 city-data
Did people ever open carry guns in LA or San Francisco?	 city-data
Dear Californians, you ever get sick of the amazing weather?	 city-data
All you (n)ever wanted to know about Ridgecrest	 city-data
California a disasterous state	 city-data
Prop. 13--Here come the Dems!!	 city-data
The California accent	 city-data
California 47th in the nation in education	 city-data
Anybody else appalled by the presence of Meg Whitman?	 city-data
California most disliked state....	 city-data
The Texas-Megalopolis	 city-data
Williams Tower (Houston) VERSUS Bank of America Tower (Dallas)	 city-data
Looks like In-N-Out is headed to Texas	 city-data
Pros and cons to living in Texas	 city-data
Hip Hop Scene in Texas cities	 city-data
Obama: 'TX Pressure Congress to pass my agenda'	 city-data
Could Texas go BLUE?	 city-data
Big day today in Texas	 city-data
Will Texas turn into a Blue State?	 city-data
Texas is a Red state, so will you vote?	 city-data
Who will you vote for in the Governor's Race?	 city-data
Should Texas pass an "Open Carry" law?	 city-data
Is the Waco/Temple/Killeen area the next DFW?	 city-data
Which major Texas metropolitan area is prepared to handle growth next 30 years the best	 city-data
Most conservative large city in Texas	 city-data
Fort Worth Star-telegram disses the Houston Texans ***Must Read***	 city-data
Poll: Why do some southerners try to pretend TX is the South?	 city-data
Has Spring Ever Stayed Stuck in the Cold Like This?	 city-data
Why do non Texans hate Texas?	 city-data
Why do Texans stay so loyal to their state?	 city-data
Central texas/hill country  vs East texas/piney woods	 city-data
Why are Texas people so proud?	 city-data
Should Texas SECEDE from the USA? List reasons.	 city-data
From Houston to Dallas???	 city-data
Obama or McCain:  Who will Texans support.	 city-data
Now Let's Have The Other Side.	 city-data
Aransas County Judge William Adams	 city-data
Speed Limit 85	 city-data
OMG...TEXIT Nexit???	 city-data
Drivers in Florida	 city-data
How Did You Get Acclimatized To The Weather	 city-data
Florida, the dream and the reality	 city-data
Why do people like this place?	 city-data
A thread for those unhappy living in Florida	 city-data
No Property Taxes in Florida?	 city-data
FLORIDA for high speed rail	 city-data
Florida's most perfect location	 city-data
Ready to leave Florida	 city-data
For those who moved to Florida and like it	 city-data
Why hate Florida	 city-data
Why people from NY/NJ who live in FL are different	 city-data
Silly Northerners	 city-data
What can Florida do to attract/create high paying jobs?	 city-data
Why does everyone think it's cheaper to live in Florida?	 city-data
What is worse? Winter up north or endless summer in Florida?	 city-data
How will you vote on Amendment 2 - The Florida Medical Marijuana Act	 city-data
2008 Florida Housing market Thread Apr - Jun	 city-data
Florida still predicted to drop ALOT?	 city-data
Anyone prefer Florida over Tennessee?	 city-data
Florida Or North Carolina?	 city-data
Florida's weather SUCK!	 city-data
I know several people leaving Florida, read why!	 city-data
Florida Facts	 city-data
Why Florida Sucks	 city-data
dreams of living where there are trees	 city-data
northeast vs florida.	 city-data
Well, it's almost Septemeber-anyone else sick of the heat and humidity yet?	 city-data
A New Yorker moves to Florida...I Can't find Bagels!	 city-data
What is the most SOUTHERN state?	 city-data
Which region has the most attractive girls?	 city-data
What do you think would be the most boring US state to live in?	 city-data
Do you pronounce "cot" and "caught" the same?	 city-data
What Will Be the Next State to Secede from the South?	 city-data
gay friendly??	 city-data
Good Safe African American Communities	 city-data
How Many US Cities Do You Truly Consider to be World-Class?  What are they?	 city-data
Affordable major cities	 city-data
What is living in the Bible Belt like?	 city-data
You can live in the South without AC or Heat	 city-data
What Is Your Definition Of A Big City ?	 city-data
Better name for the Midwest?	 city-data
East Coast vs West Coast	 city-data
Will any U.S. city ever surpass NYC in terms of population?	 city-data
Best Midwestern Cities (Pop. 200,000+)	 city-data
Ugly cities you would never want to live in...	 city-data
Where is the Midwest?	 city-data
What shocked you about another part of the US you traveled to?	 city-data
CALIFORNIA or FLORIDA?	 city-data
Would you feel more scared being in a hillbilly area or a ghetto area	 city-data
Which states are Mid-Atlantic?	 city-data
Biggest lame city in the US?	 city-data
Cookie Cutter Towns	 city-data
Top 5 biggest North American cities that do NOT have an identifiable landmark?	 city-data
Upper South or Deep South...Which kicks more ass?	 city-data
Perception of Michigan in other states?	 city-data
Let's play a little game...	 city-data
Which states are most liked on average?	 city-data
“People in Chicago are going to want to move after this winter”	 city-data
Cultural regions of the south map	 city-data
How come most Northerners can't stand to stay up North?	 city-data
The most boring US City.	 city-data
Why do Americans think Canadians have accents?	 city-data
Do you associate New York City with NJ & CT, or with upstate New York?	 city-data
What city has the worst weather climate?	 city-data
is there a 98 % white caucasian city	 city-data
How is Winter where you are? 2015-2016	 city-data
10 reasons you DISLIKE where YOU live (for those of us less fortunate)	 city-data
California Always #1?	 city-data
Better Quality of Life - 80's and 90's or the 00's/Now?	 city-data
Why do the southern states have a higher African American population?	 city-data
Do you consider Phoenix and/or Las Vegas "the west coast"?	 city-data
What city in the US has the Best City Hall?	 city-data
What are the top Midwest "Foodie" Cities outside of Chicago?	 city-data
Does the West Coast offer the highest quality of life in the US?	 city-data
What relatively large Southern City has the least Yankees?	 city-data
Rebal flags in northen states?	 city-data
Michigan or Illinois?	 city-data
All You People Leaving Upstate NY Read This ...	 city-data
Puerto Rican areas in the NE	 city-data
Report: Public pensions will clobber NY	 city-data
Good news out of Albany - partial repeal of MTA payroll tax, lower taxes for under-$300k earners	 city-data
Auburn decline?	 city-data
I absolutely loved the Adirondack region	 city-data
I have an idea - Let's scare off the last rich people we have here	 city-data
What do New York residents think of Paladino? Does he have a chance?	 city-data
What county do you recommend for my family?	 city-data
Relocating from CA to NY	 city-data
Finger Lake town info/impressions	 city-data
Why Exactly Do Miserable People Stay in Upstate New York?	 city-data
Does ANYONE have any idea of what is it going to take to turn Upstate NY around?	 city-data
NY state charging bottle deposit for water, unconstitutional and criminal	 city-data
Living in Andes, NY	 city-data
What makes Upstate New York different from New England?	 city-data
Fla. Welfare Recipients Must Pass Drug Test (Could and should NY do the same?)	 city-data
New York Gun Laws?	 city-data
Housing has begun it's price collapse in upstate	 city-data
Elmira - how bad is it really?	 city-data
Speeding ticket in NY state	 city-data
New York - #1 for Wealth Inequality	 city-data
N.Y. farm will no longer host weddings rather than allow same-sex ceremonies	 city-data
Best City to live between Rochester, NY & Buffalo, NY?	 city-data
Warwick NY	 city-data
How do you get your car out (of snow)?	 city-data
Upstate to NC - Think again!	 city-data
Southern tier: information for a young conservative couple?	 city-data
Ithaca Photo Tour	 city-data
City with the best hills and Scenery at night Nacogdoches,Jacksonville or Tyler	 city-data
Not all of Texas is a flat, ugly, boring brown wasteland in the dead of Winter...	 city-data
Does UT have the same reputation as Harvard in Texas?	 city-data
What's the difference between the Galleria Dallas and the Houston Galleria?	 city-data
Mcallen	 city-data
WOW......how do you deal with the HOT weather?	 city-data
Can you be a "true" Texan if you weren't born here?	 city-data
I-69	 city-data
Greetings to my Texan friends!	 city-data
April is Confederate History & Heritage Month in Texas	 city-data
Which Texas City could reach world class status first.	 city-data
getting out of Cali, Dallas, Houston or hold out for Austin	 city-data
Explosion at West, TX Fertilizer Plant	 city-data
What's the most pedestrian-friendly neighborhood in Texas?	 city-data
Texas and New Mexico: friends or rivals?	 city-data
Texas poised to pass bill allowing guns on campus	 city-data
Southern Living Magazine's Top 10 Texas Cities 2014	 city-data
The Worst Texas Stereotype	 city-data
Texas Thangs Hard To Translate	 city-data
Why are buildings in San Antonio so short?	 city-data
Which Texas city has the best public transportation?	 city-data
Dear Texas, why all the Austin hate?	 city-data
Dealing with Texas stereotypes while in other states	 city-data
guns?	 city-data
Moving to Midland	 city-data
Why does Houston feel more urban than Dallas???	 city-data
Which is a bigger rivalry Houston vs Dallas OR Fort Worth vs Dallas	 city-data
59-Story ERP Tower (Midland)	 city-data
Perry just signed it ...	 city-data
South Texas VS West Texas	 city-data
We want to move to Florida!	 city-data
Really "no" jobs in Florida?	 city-data
Florida is doomed	 city-data
Relocating to Florida	 city-data
Update re Oil Spill...??	 city-data
For all those who find fault with Florida - Questions abound	 city-data
Attention all "Floridians"!! THIS IS NOT COLD WEATHER!	 city-data
Has anyone ever moved to Florida and found out that it's not the panacea that they had imagined?	 city-data
All the empty stadiums during ball games in FL.	 city-data
warning, do not be a landlord in florida	 city-data
We should make suggestions on how to make FL more like "up Nawth"	 city-data
Would you move out of Florida if you could?	 city-data
Which city has the most beautiful skyline in Florida?	 city-data
Where the hell am i?.. Any other New yorkers feeling homesick?	 city-data
Why would anyone live in SOFL?!	 city-data
Moved to WALDO, FLORIDA SPEED TRAP	 city-data
Fairly liberal, AND cheap rent?	 city-data
Disgusted with theater shooting coverage	 city-data
Florida should follow Arizona's steps	 city-data
If you’re too cheap to use the a/c don’t envy the northerners just move please!	 city-data
Real Estate Market Condition - Taking Longer To Sell	 city-data
The Villages.....why did you leave ?	 city-data
Dear Florida, It's time we broke up.	 city-data
FLORIDA. Yes or No ?	 city-data
I Have Got to Get Out of Florida	 city-data
need info on dog laws in florida/any pit legislation	 city-data
You Know You're From Florida When...	 city-data
Don't move here if you're disabled in any way!	 city-data
Florida Whiners	 city-data
El Nino is likely, and it could be very powerful next winter	 city-data
California vs. Florida Beaches	 city-data
Santa Barbara, Santa Maria or San Luis Obispo?	 city-data
For those wanting to move out of California, or for those that already have	 city-data
Should California Secede from US?	 city-data
Is the state of California A Great Place to Visit, but Terrible Place to Live?	 city-data
Is anyone leaving California or wanting to leave??	 city-data
Complaining about California, a poll.	 city-data
Is California becoming less welcoming of blacks?	 city-data
The GOP is Going Extinct in California	 city-data
Snapshot of the Reagan legacy	 city-data
Why are some states trying to lure CA companies?	 city-data
What is your breaking point for moving out of California?	 city-data
Considering Redding, CA	 city-data
Does Southern California also want to secede?	 city-data
CA is the 5th worst state in getting value for your money	 city-data
Redding CA???	 city-data
Moving to California is Chic Again	 city-data
Dear California, I'm Dumping You	 city-data
California Economic Expansion and Jobs Creation Thread	 city-data
The Ultimate Californian Poll. Whitman or Brown?	 city-data
Ca natives who have moved to another state: what do you miss?	 city-data
CA school district sued over abstinence-only sex ed	 city-data
Left or plan on leaving California, why?	 city-data
Question:  Why would I want to put a new business in California?	 city-data
Before Leaving CA For "Greener" Pastures (or criticizing it), Get a Reality Check!	 city-data
IMHO California's climate is overrated	 city-data
For Those Thinking of Leaving, Where are You Looking to Go?	 city-data
CalPERS to post pensioner's names and pension amounts online	 city-data
NY policeman no indictment	 city-data
Hawaii Guv Can't Find Obama Birth Certificate!!!!!!!	 city-data
Minimum wage controversary is really about the large number of Americans making under $10 an hour	 city-data
For those of you who continue to insist marijuana is harmless...	 city-data
Why Marijuana should NOT be legalized	 city-data
Breaking: Utah's Same-Sex Marriage Ban Struck Down by Federal Judge	 city-data
George Zimmerman Trial Date Set for June 10, 2013	 city-data
It's so hard for my generation (Gen Y) to start in life.	 city-data
No true law abiding citizen would want to own an assualt weapon	 city-data
Maryland ups min wage to 10.10 an hour.	 city-data
Snowden (the leaker) tells the Chinese about US surveillance on China	 city-data
Lying About Climate Change To Advance The Environmental Agenda Is A Good Idea, Say Two Economists	 city-data
Why do some people oppose interracial relationships?	 city-data
Why I am no longer Black. (or, black racism is getting me angry)	 city-data
TREY GOWDY: We' re Breaking New Ground (on Benghazi)	 city-data
Presidential Inauguration Jan 20, 2017	 city-data
Libya: Fall of Tripoli was fake... Story collapses – Qaddafi Prevails Again...	 city-data
Man shot dead in Tampa movie theater - over texting	 city-data
Unemployed Mother of 15 - 'Somebody Owes me.'	 city-data
What does the Confederate flag represent to you?	 city-data
Knee jerk reactions..the problem is NOT guns	 city-data
Gay Marriage: Thoughts, Opinions, etc.	 city-data
The "It is MY body" excuse for Abortion.	 city-data
Athiests put up billboard just in time for Holiday season	 city-data
The Mozilla boycott worked. Their CEO is stepping down.	 city-data
WI teachers put themselves and their unions ahead of students	 city-data
White House Panic: Columbia Classmate Speaks Out-------Says Obama Went To College As A Foreign Citizen	 city-data
All Things on the Debt Ceiling (merged)	 city-data
The 2nd amendment was placed there to protect the people from a tyrannical government.	 city-data
Florist who refused to provide flowers for gay wedding rejects offer to settle discrimination case	 city-data
Just stop all welfare programs	 city-data
Malaysian Passenger Plane Carrying 298 People Crashes in Ukraine Near Russian Border	 city-data
What could actually work to fix gun violence in America.	 city-data
Lesbian parents allow their 11 year old adopted son to change his sex.	 city-data
13 dead, 31 wounded in Fort Hood shooting	 city-data
Traitor who risked US lives comes forward.	 city-data
Obama's birth certificate is a fake	 city-data
How can a public university expel students for singing?	 city-data
Birth Certificate now proven false in AZ?	 city-data
Confederate Flag, your take?	 city-data
Violence breaks out in Milwaukee following officer-involved shooting	 city-data
Of Those Who Are Against 'Socialized' Medical Care....	 city-data
The 9/11 "Thermite Theory" still has not been debunked....	 city-data
Corporations sitting on $2 TRILLION in cash - Not Hiring...	 city-data
Komen reverses course on Planned Parenthood (Abortion Foe at heart of Fiasco)	 city-data
Republicans LIE, my taxes have gone down under Obama.	 city-data
I'm a woman that is not proud of the womens march.	 city-data
America Riots!... Complete Media Blackout on Wall Street	 city-data
GRUBER: "Lack of transparency is a huge political advantage." (EXPLOSIVE Video!!!)	 city-data
Bakery that refused to make wedding cake for same sex couple closes	 city-data
Olbermann just signed off	 city-data
Here we go again. PA Bridal shop refuses to serve lesbians	 city-data
The number one purchase with food stamps	 city-data
Anti Obamacare People: Any Suggestions For Pre-Existing Conditions?	 city-data
Are atheists mentally ill?	 city-data
They Are Abomination Unto The Lord': Baker Who Refused To Make Wedding Cake For Lesbian Couple Faces State Investigation	 city-data
We Need Occupy Back	 city-data
Contrails or Chemtrails?	 city-data
What's wrong with the Confederate Flag?	 city-data
The official War on Christmas thread (2009)	 city-data
Are you for or against Universal Healthcare?	 city-data
The Release of Bowe Bergdahl	 city-data
Do Interracial relationships still bother you?	 city-data
when is it time for an armed revolution?	 city-data
Another shooting, Another Riot - Charlotte, NC	 city-data
Is Sandra Fluke Coordinating with the White House?	 city-data
Gay Marriage Mega-Thread	 city-data
Israel attacks peaceful aid flotilla	 city-data
Global Warming	 city-data
Healthcare act ruled VOID!!!	 city-data
10 best cities for African Americans 2011	 city-data
Most/Least Favorite State	 city-data
Is Texas becoming California?	 city-data
Guess the scenic view (game)	 city-data
top 10 City Populations in 2030	 city-data
Most cosmopolitan U.S. cities	 city-data
California The Most Powerful State In America?	 city-data
Oddest ethnic mixes in the U.S.	 city-data
You move into a subdivision in the Suburbs. How do your new neighbors treat you?	 city-data
Cities that you would NOT move to under any circumstance	 city-data
Which city was more impressive than you thought it would be, Which was worse than you thought?	 city-data
When will the south shed its poor stereotypical image?	 city-data
States with the most major cities?	 city-data
What is the most ethnically diverse City in America (and would you want to live there)?	 city-data
Why is everything bigger and easier down south than snowbelt?	 city-data
Whats the farthest out of state plate you've seen?	 city-data
Rank the top 10 most powerful states	 city-data
Why are Southerners scared of the Cold?	 city-data
Cities you feel have been ruined by yuppies?	 city-data
Cities with the brightest future	 city-data
Do regional accents exist in people born after '89?	 city-data
Hot vs Cold	 city-data
If the South has more characterized by transplants and fast growth, why is Maryland/DC deemed to be "now Northeastern"?	 city-data
Top 10 U.S. Cities	 city-data
U.S. city that is biggest on hockey?	 city-data
Are southern Americans and northern Americans different cultural groups/nations?	 city-data
Heat Wave	 city-data
What is the One Major US City You Would NEVER Live In?	 city-data
The American City: has it finally turned the corner?	 city-data
Anybody stuck somewhere you aren't crazy about?	 city-data
Best Cities for African Americans 2007	 city-data
The Current & Next Gay Friendly States	 city-data
What U.S. Cities Would You Like to See Host the Olympics	 city-data
How do you pronounce "milk"?	 city-data
Weather Only: Worst Summer Weather	 city-data
What do you guys think of Richmond and Baltimore?	 city-data
Florida vs North Carolina	 city-data
My explanation of the Midwest by map	 city-data
NYC  - greatest city ever...	 city-data
Liberal areas in the South?	 city-data
Some thoughts on Middle America.	 city-data
Best State and City to live in as an Interracial Couples	 city-data
Are there places in the North that are becoming Southern?	 city-data
Why don't northerners really drink sweet tea?	 city-data
High Crime White Dominated Communities	 city-data
From the Midwest or the south, do you notice a harshness in the people in the URBAN Northeast	 city-data
2010 Census maps - population change by county (as state maps are released)	 city-data
Midwestern vs. Southern values and culture	 city-data
Best Midwest Cities	 city-data
Looking to move upstate ny	 city-data
Crime in Binghamton	 city-data
N.Y. pension debate targets double-dippers, crooks	 city-data
Yankees/Mets geography of fans	 city-data
Is Upstate New York just a giant waste of space?	 city-data
Understanding of Hurricanes	 city-data
Utica - Oneida region- Home Invasions!	 city-data
What does Buffalo have that Rochester doesn't and vise versa?	 city-data
Kiryas Joel - Hasidic Village Growing Fast	 city-data
Tell Gov. Cuomo you're against fracking in NY state!	 city-data
Why is Jamestown New York so dead?	 city-data
Considering a move from NYC to Western Catskills	 city-data
Stick A Fork In It - It's Done; NYC Suburbs	 city-data
NY on radar screen..........	 city-data
NEW license plate for New York!	 city-data
Top School Districts in Rockland County	 city-data
Cuomo is a Clown	 city-data
NY charging sales tax on food	 city-data
Where would be best?	 city-data
Any Mountain Lion or Bob Cat Sightings?	 city-data
5 pros and 5 cons about Kingston, NY.  Thinking about moving to the area Thanks!	 city-data
Orange County, NY Monroe Area	 city-data
Upstate relocation? Your opinions please?	 city-data
The Thruway	 city-data
Plattsburgh, NY area	 city-data
NYers thoughts about South Carolina	 city-data
Best places to live in finger lakes area	 city-data
Cuddebackville (Orange County) history question	 city-data
Native American culture in NY State	 city-data
Can Ft.Worth ever surpass Dallas in population?	 city-data
Stupid Texas Blue Law - Liquor stores can't sell alcohol on Sundays	 city-data
Gov. Perry WON'T Seek 4th Term	 city-data
Why does native texans hate other states so much?	 city-data
Worst Small Town In Texas	 city-data
Where is the best place in Texas for a person to relocate to, and have success?	 city-data
6 public schools in CA are better than UT Austin - embarassing!!!!	 city-data
East Texas BBQ lover not impressed w/ Central Texas BBQ can you recommend me some places?	 city-data
will texans welcome me? british guy heading to texas alone for a few months .	 city-data
Should the Texas Legislature Pass a Law to Allow the Open Carrying of Firearms?	 city-data
Texas - Great for business, bad for kids	 city-data
Why do Texans hate each others cities?	 city-data
OK, so like, what is it that makes Austin so cool?	 city-data
Why the animosity for Texas in California???	 city-data
A Texan's Last Meal	 city-data
2010 Census results thread for Texas	 city-data
The Best in Texas (cities)	 city-data
Larry McMurtry ranks Texas cities: Houston, Austin, Ft Worth, & Dallas	 city-data
does anyone have any info about rockdale?	 city-data
Nationhood?	 city-data
Y'all or You guys?	 city-data
How conservative/stereotypical is Texas?	 city-data
Dallas v. Houston - Which is right for me?	 city-data
Whataburger best fast food Hamburger place?	 city-data
Why Texas have Bad Image	 city-data
Which Texas city has the greatest number of hot women?	 city-data
New yorkers still don't fit	 city-data
Texas Accent	 city-data
Are there misconceptions about the humidity in Texas?	 city-data
Stay away from Florida	 city-data
Leaving Florida Behind - Where would you go?	 city-data
"The Sunshine State" Chat Thread	 city-data
Vote on your favorite city in Florida	 city-data
I'm almost there	 city-data
Is there anyone who relocated to Florida and happy?	 city-data
If you walk away on your mortgage you may be in for a shock	 city-data
Why are soo many people from florida unhappy there?	 city-data
Global Warming worry	 city-data
2008 Preserving the Beauty of FL Jan - Mar	 city-data
If you moved to Florida from up north, are you glad you made the move?	 city-data
A new yorker moves to florida #2, the search for pizza	 city-data
Best reasons to move to Fla	 city-data
Do you support gay marriage?-Poll	 city-data
Sun Rail Thread	 city-data
Okay to carry a 6 shooter on hip in Florida?	 city-data
Florida VS. New Jersey	 city-data
This isn't COLD, Floridians	 city-data
Any regrets moving to Florida ?	 city-data
For the Floridians heading up north	 city-data
What is Florida largest ASSET?	 city-data
Many U-HAUL'S Leaving Florida...	 city-data
We are #3!!	 city-data
Is Florida really that bad economically?	 city-data
Things to consider before you make the move to Florida	 city-data
Florida Pro House Flipping Advice Needed	 city-data
someone please tell me Florida really isn't that bad!!	 city-data
Survivalist Florida - Apocalypse Now?	 city-data
91 California cities vote to display "In God We Trust"	 city-data
Hawaiians Discriminated Against at CA Fashion Centers	 city-data
Run, Run Millionaires	 city-data
How Many of you are Moving Out of California due to PROP 47	 city-data
Brown wants more state spending and taxes	 city-data
Hate CA?	 city-data
Almost Half Of California Driver’s Licenses Went To Illegal Immigrants In 2015	 city-data
San Luis Obispo... Pros and Cons	 city-data
Jerry Brown suggest 42% gas tax hike and $65 registraion increase to bail out CalPERs	 city-data
Why people leave California	 city-data
Fresno: A City of Worsts	 city-data
Toyota driven out of California? Not so fast says Toyota	 city-data
No More California Dreamin'	 city-data
Is Lancaster / Palmdale as horrible as they say??	 city-data
I have to say reading these threads make me believe there aren't many positives about California	 city-data
California's budget still sucking wind	 city-data
Landlord rights in CA?	 city-data
How Low Will California Home Prices Go?	 city-data
Proposition 47 Discussion	 city-data
Marijuana	 city-data
Even profitable firms fleeing California	 city-data
Bike-friendly, New Agey, liberal, beachy/foresty town with $400/month rooms?	 city-data
Wolf Returns To California.	 city-data
California attitude:  Is it like this in the entire state?	 city-data
What's it like to have money?	 city-data
New beginnings	 city-data
Bears, and guns while camping or hiking	 city-data
Why Do the people that leave CA keep talking about the state?	 city-data
What would CA be like if it was given to Mexico?	 city-data
Why do People Outside California seem to have a Chip on their Shoulder?	 city-data
Little Rock is more like ATLANTA or more like DALLAS?	 city-data
Favorite states in the Midwest	 city-data
40 Largest U.S. Metros 2020 projection.	 city-data
What states have city rivalries in them?	 city-data
Words you only hear in your state!?	 city-data
If money were no object?	 city-data
Do you think people dress/look different according to their region of the country?	 city-data
Where does the West start?	 city-data
Have You Ever Left a State/Area Because You Just Didn't Like Living There?	 city-data
Cities which don't fit in with the states they are located in	 city-data
How is DC not southern?	 city-data
Which city is more southern D.C. or Baltimore??	 city-data
Most Affluent Black Communities in US	 city-data
Do customer service folks in your area say, "Have a Blessed Day!"	 city-data
What is the most "southern" state?	 city-data
If They Decided to Redraw State Borders, Which Would be the First States to be Redrawn	 city-data
Better Quality of Life - 50's and 60's or Now?	 city-data
Is Atlanta replacing LA as the cultural center of the US?	 city-data
Where do liberals move to now?	 city-data
What is Your Favorite U.S. River City?	 city-data
The NEXT Atlanta	 city-data
Why Are People In The South So Much Fatter Than The Rest Of The Country?	 city-data
Sister States	 city-data
Do you regard California and Texas as similar?	 city-data
Tell about any culture shocks you have experienced	 city-data
What do Americans think about Québec independence?	 city-data
Am I the only person who gets annoyed when British try to make the US an "anglo-sexon nation"?	 city-data
Rank the Mid-Atlantic states in the order you'd want to live	 city-data
Atlanta or Boston  (Which city feels larger)	 city-data
I'm going to make an unpopular statement here.	 city-data
Cities with lots of Soul? Cities with less Soul?	 city-data
Is TX the best state of USA ?	 city-data
Ex-Northerners: Do you like living in the South or do you wish you would be living up north again?	 city-data
Northeast Ohio is not the Midwest	 city-data
What state offers most overall variety of different places within the state?	 city-data
What is your city's population density?	 city-data
Tell me about these gay meccas	 city-data
Your opinions of the Midwest?	 city-data
What's Your Favorite City in the United States?	 city-data
HOUSTON--Let's get this over with!	 city-data
Whats your cities population in a 100 Mile Radius?	 city-data
What's your favorite Southern State ?	 city-data
Chicago's Rival	 city-data
Why do people think the Midwest is boring?	 city-data
The 'gun obsession'...?	 city-data
Will DFW surpass Chicagoland as the third largest metro?	 city-data
U.S. region with most palm trees	 city-data
Americans "minimizing" British ancestry in the US?	 city-data
Albany,Buffalo,Rochester, Syracuse - Best suited for the future.	 city-data
Is Binghamton getting better?	 city-data
Welfare Fraud>>>ny Only???	 city-data
Considering relocating from Atlanta, GA to Ithaca, NY	 city-data
Is New York considered part of New England?	 city-data
Drivers in upstate New York	 city-data
Favorite Upstate NY Smaller City	 city-data
Moving from Houston TX to Binghamton NY	 city-data
Moving from Long Island to...?	 city-data
Military mom moving to Fort Drum, NY	 city-data
2010 Census - Population Growth - Upstate NY Metropolitan Areas	 city-data
Schools in Beacon NY	 city-data
To Putnam County from Long Island	 city-data
Relocating To Saranac Lake, NY	 city-data
Oneonta , NY what is it like?  Are they hillbillies???	 city-data
living near Newburgh?	 city-data
New Yorkers..you are going to get what you asked for	 city-data
I want to CRY-Rome NY	 city-data
Summer visitors in NY	 city-data
Walkable Upstate NY	 city-data
Dreaming of upstate NY....help	 city-data
Buffalo or Rochester?	 city-data
the REAL Niagara Falls (video)	 city-data
Is P.A better?	 city-data
Oswego County snow storm	 city-data
Western NY (Buffalo/Rochester) vs. NYC and Long Island: Moving from one to the other - -thoughts?	 city-data
Will natural gas drilling in the catskills happen?	 city-data
What are teachers worth	 city-data
New York is a police-state	 city-data
Texas' class and tact... where is it?	 city-data
'Texas Public Schools Now Required To Teach The Bible'	 city-data
CA dragging us down	 city-data
What Motivates All These Threads on Whether or Not Texas Is A Southern State?	 city-data
Is Fort Worth Texas's Most Overlooked City?	 city-data
What areas of Texas are "southern" in culture and accent?	 city-data
Rick Perry has proclaimed April 22-April 24 to be "Days of Prayer for Rain in the State of Texas."	 city-data
Is Texas State University Good?	 city-data
Poll:  Capital Punishment	 city-data
Main differences in Austin & Dallas?	 city-data
Will Texas ever get gambling? Isn't everyone tired of driving out of state	 city-data
How would native Texans divide Texas?	 city-data
Why do a lot of people hate on Texas and speak negatively of it?	 city-data
What is your favorite city in Texas?	 city-data
Texas or Australia?	 city-data
McAllen, Texas	 city-data
Do you really eat Coon?	 city-data
Who do you consider a REAL Texan?	 city-data
Most Authentically Texan City	 city-data
Which city has the best scenery in Texas?	 city-data
State pride - Texas compared to other states	 city-data
Why won't myth of conservative TX die?	 city-data
Besides Texas What Other State Would You Live In?	 city-data
Will Texas lean toward Obama or Clinton?	 city-data
Fall is here, football is upon us!	 city-data
Am I the only Texan who can't stand Whataburger's burgers?	 city-data
The police no longer fight crime.	 city-data
Why are Texans so defensive about their state?	 city-data
Best Texas City for BBQ	 city-data
The heat and humidity isn't as bad as you think	 city-data
Brace yourselves! Cold!	 city-data
For those complaining about Florida	 city-data
Are there really no good places to raise kids in Florida? Need advice!!!	 city-data
If you DON'T like Florida, or are UNHAPPY with FL please post in this thread.	 city-data
If Florida is a lame, horribly hot and bad state (as claimed by many), then why...	 city-data
If you could change one thing in Florida what would that be?	 city-data
Why South Florida is the best part of Florida.	 city-data
Did U Move to Florida, Leave Florida, & then Come Back to Florida????	 city-data
Amendment 2	 city-data
Jobs added in May : Florida is leader !	 city-data
Yay! It isn't hot today!	 city-data
I know several people moving to Florida, Here's why...	 city-data
What do you miss?	 city-data
RICK Scott's jihad against government workers put on hold by state court	 city-data
What is it with the people who love to bash Florida?	 city-data
progressive florida beachtown with character	 city-data
Why are Floridians so desperate to prove how "great" FL is?	 city-data
Best lifestyle: S.FL or S. CA?	 city-data
Don't shop at Publix	 city-data
Florida on 60 minutes again!  Poverty and Kids...	 city-data
ignorance/racism.....is it really a florida thing???	 city-data
Why aren't there any Asians in Florida??	 city-data
South FL, Becoming a Third World Country	 city-data
Do Think The Housing Recovery Has Started?	 city-data
Do any transplants miss home?	 city-data
Florida's Upcoming Tax Vote	 city-data
Who has moved to Florida then moved back home.	 city-data
For those that miss the snow and cold	 city-data
The Rise of Christianphobia	 city-data
Should we built the high speed rail network?	 city-data
Young black males commit 1/2 of the murders in the US	 city-data
Casey Anthony verdict in - NOT guilty	 city-data
75% of Americans near retirement age have under $30,000 saved up	 city-data
Does Anyone Still Believe the "Official 9-11" Story?	 city-data
An Unholy Act of Man - Charleston, SC Shooting	 city-data
Banning Muslim immigrants or refugees is not Unconstitutional	 city-data
'I can't spend all of my time with my birth certificate plastered on my forehead'	 city-data
Why Won't Baby Boomers Admit That They Had it Easier Than Millenials?	 city-data
Gay marriage isn't about civil rights	 city-data
George Zimmerman shot in the face during a road rage incident......	 city-data
Who supports a new 9/11 investigation and why or why not?	 city-data
Almost No Evidence Trayvon Touched Zimmerman...	 city-data
Welfare in the US: Just the facts.	 city-data
Are Americans really becoming overwhelmingly in support of gay "marriage?"	 city-data
Seat Belt Laws: For or against??	 city-data
Why do Republicans/Conservatives hate Public Education so much?	 city-data
Should America give in to a National Healthcare system?	 city-data
Justice Dept. & FBI to probe death of Trayvon Martin	 city-data
Sister of black man killed by police says he was unarmed	 city-data
Obama's Gay Marriage Stance	 city-data
All you welfare apologists, you're full of crap	 city-data
If you're one who still supports Planned Parenthood.......	 city-data
When you see a rich person do you feel anger, jealousy or bitterness?	 city-data
S. Carolina Cop Brutally Throws H.S. Girl to the Ground for ‘Not Leaving Class’	 city-data
Liberals: Will You Admit That Barack Obama Is A Liar? (The Barack Obama Liar Thread)	 city-data
***First Democratic Debate Tuesday, October 13, 2015***	 city-data
Let's stick it to the smokers.	 city-data
I have had it with capitalism	 city-data
WOW, this was in 1954---I wonder if we will ever see this on TV again?	 city-data
"Why in the World are They Spraying"	 city-data
No way to prevent gun violence.	 city-data
Defend Marriage Between a Man and a Woman!	 city-data
Iraqi reporter throws shoes at Bush during Press Conference	 city-data
Minimum Wage or Livable Wage?	 city-data
Piracy is not theft!!!!!!!!!!	 city-data
Gay Rights and Marriage - Good, Bad, and the Like	 city-data
Would any sane person support the right to bear arms fully?	 city-data
But...but...but...I thought the only thing propelling the stock market was QE.	 city-data
Have you had an abortion?	 city-data
8 dead in Charleston SC church shooting	 city-data
How does this KY clerk still have a job??	 city-data
Obama Said It Was A Act Of Terror In The Rose Garden	 city-data
The idiotic American car-centric culture	 city-data
Golden Globes showing a lot of actors who were suppose to leave for Canada/Meryl Streep	 city-data
Gingrich Denounces Ground Zero Mosque	 city-data
Do you believe that Intelligent Design should be taught in public schools	 city-data
minimum wage when created was meant to be a living wage	 city-data
Breaking: Eleven killed at French magazine, Muslim terrorists suspected	 city-data
Is America a Christian Nation?	 city-data
So Obama's Own Agent, in 1991, Thought He Was Born In Kenya	 city-data
Active Duty Army Officer Refuses Orders until Obama Produces Original Birth Certificate	 city-data
why do so many people choose to be poor?	 city-data
Mississippi Set To Become First State Where Abortion Is Not Offered	 city-data
Let's Get Rid of Medicare Too	 city-data
If Top 5% Paid 40% of Taxes, What is Their 'Fair' Share?	 city-data
2015 Shatters Hottest Year Record, But 2016 Could Rival It	 city-data
~*  Swine Flu thread  *~	 city-data
Of all of the 9/11 conspiracies, which baffle you the most?	 city-data
Does an income of $300,000 make someone rich?	 city-data
Misunderstanding of Black Liberals	 city-data
Boyscouts will eventually be forced to allow Homosexual leaders, scouts, etc.. when that happens Christians walk	 city-data
Why are some straight people so scared of gay marriage?	 city-data
Smoking Thread - Now Featuring "Gas Hog" Discussions Too	 city-data
is "white privilege" just an excuse for black failure?	 city-data
Hawaiian Court Certified Document Fraud Expert Who Has Just Affirmed Obama's Birth Certificate Is Forged Is A Democrat	 city-data
Fast and Furious Updates	 city-data
Germany In State Of SIEGE: Gangs Of Men Roaming The Streets, Young German Women Being Told To Cover Up	 city-data
Repeal smoking bans in bars and restaurants	 city-data
improve the quality of life in Shasta County and Redding...Measure A	 city-data
People are not leaving CA due to taxes and regulation.	 city-data
California GOP sinking into third-party status	 city-data
The Grass Isn't Greener.....	 city-data
Redding, CA please don’t move here.	 city-data
Shame on the UCD Police and Chancellor Katehi	 city-data
California banning big screen TV	 city-data
Death by taxes	 city-data
Why do Southern Californians move to Vegas/Phoenix for affordability? Why not just the IE?	 city-data
California?  is it even worth it?	 city-data
Where in Cali would you live if money were not an issue?	 city-data
Fleeing Kollyfornia?	 city-data
Brown opens up an 8 point lead over Whitman	 city-data
What CA was, is, and is becoming....	 city-data
How different is SoCal from NorCal?	 city-data
Cadillac Desert - Looming Water Supply Crisis	 city-data
Republicans virtually extinct in CA?	 city-data
Will California ever go Red again?	 city-data
Where does Northern California end and Southern California begin?	 city-data
Get ready for for gas prices in CA above $4	 city-data
How in the world do people afford to live in California?	 city-data
Nov 4 State Propositions!	 city-data
The Second Best Steak in the World	 city-data
Anything and everything California A-Z game...	 city-data
"There is a bill that states healthy food is a human right"	 city-data
Prop 30 passes	 city-data
Need help fleeing high-tax liberalism in California.	 city-data
California Bashing ... Enough Already!	 city-data
Hunters Warned About Avoiding Illegal Marijuana Fields	 city-data
CA Unfunded Pensions Approach $1 Trillion	 city-data
Want to move to upstate NY...maybe?	 city-data
Gillibrand and the "real" upstate region of NYS?	 city-data
Best places in Catskills to avoid conservatives?	 city-data
Escape From New Jersey	 city-data
NY has the second lowest driving miles per capita in the US	 city-data
Possible sighting of Escaped Killers	 city-data
Job transfer to Horseheads, NY	 city-data
Questions about upstate	 city-data
Impressions of Rockland County?	 city-data
Economy in Rochester, Buffalo, and Albany	 city-data
Wake Up, NY State!  Don't do what Pennsylvania has done!	 city-data
Narrowed it Down To 6 Schools...	 city-data
Fracking banned in NYS!	 city-data
Looking for a nice town upstate	 city-data
Newburgh, NY	 city-data
Factory Farms (CAFO) in NY and Real Estate Agents	 city-data
How to turn the city of Newburgh, NY into a sugar bowl	 city-data
Best Upstate Skyline	 city-data
A $4 Billion “Rooftop” Highway For Upstate NY?	 city-data
Cuomo trying to cap public union raises at 2% per Newsday	 city-data
Why ithaca?	 city-data
New York least free state.	 city-data
Slang in Western New York	 city-data
best upstate restaurants	 city-data
seattle to upstate? best towns?	 city-data
comparison between Buffalo area and Albany area?	 city-data
People Are (Still) Fleeing the State of New York!	 city-data
Which is worse- too hot or too cold	 city-data
My map of U.S. Cultural Regions	 city-data
Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana, Georgia... What's the difference?	 city-data
Texas mentality vs South mentality	 city-data
The rest of the south's view of Kentucky	 city-data
Best University in the South	 city-data
Hottest state	 city-data
Important construction projects currently under construction in the U.S.	 city-data
Rudest Region	 city-data
Top 10 World Class Cities: Where would you place Omaha?	 city-data
Chicago Spire VS Freedom Tower	 city-data
Where does it become "too cold" in the United States?	 city-data
What makes you "cultured"...?	 city-data
Would it be weird for a non-white person to fly the Confederate flag?	 city-data
What city has your most ideal weather?!?!?	 city-data
Big Cities Bred Big Time Rappers?	 city-data
The Most Boring Metropolitan Areas in the U.S.	 city-data
If you had to split one state	 city-data
The disdain toward New Yorkers	 city-data
Places that a majority of people pronounce incorrectly?	 city-data
AFTER Chicago, what are the next four most important Midwest cities? Why?	 city-data
Is Texas the most geographically diverse state?	 city-data
Florida part of the south?	 city-data
Best places for gays to live?	 city-data
Why don't more Americans travel to Canada?!	 city-data
Most liberal southern state?	 city-data
Cities that are cosmopolitan, but not sophisticated	 city-data
Do African Americans travel less than other ethnic groups?	 city-data
My map of America into four regions - your agreements and disagreements	 city-data
Why do people think it's cheaper to live in the South? The math says otherwise.	 city-data
How far are you from the nearest state line?	 city-data
Forbes cites Chicago's horrible weather, bad economy, and declining population for topping Miserable Cities List	 city-data
Map of USA Culture Regions	 city-data
In this thread I will show you why Texas is not the South	 city-data
Why is American police so violent?	 city-data
Is The Climate Of The South Really Deterrent To Fitness?	 city-data
What's your ancestry?	 city-data
Would you rather live in a city with a hot and humid climate year round, or a city with a chilly climate??	 city-data
City nicknames	 city-data
Fall Folliage - report your observations on this thread	 city-data
Can a liberal be happy in the South?	 city-data
Name a city you were SURPRISED you liked	 city-data
Why does the United States have such a high violent crime rate??	 city-data
Which one of the BIG 4 in the South has the most potential to be a megacity	 city-data
Rebel Flag	 city-data
Which states would you rather live in?	 city-data
Texas Wildfires	 city-data
Texas Gov. Rick Perry is a genius = Arm school teachers	 city-data
Top Convention cities in Texas	 city-data
Dallas County suing the State of Texas	 city-data
What do you all think of this history textbook controversy?	 city-data
Moving from Great Britain to Texas in the near future	 city-data
Learning to be a Texan	 city-data
Texas' Best Burger - What Is It?  Where Is It?	 city-data
Good whuppins -- Texas style!	 city-data
Democrats aim to turn Tarrant County Blue. "In politics, where Tarrant County goes, Texas follows"	 city-data
New data suggests Millennials prefer San Antonio & Houston over Austin & Dallas	 city-data
Best medical care: Dallas or Houston?	 city-data
Why do Texans talk so funny?	 city-data
Anybody else tired of Texas "footbal insanity"?	 city-data
Minor Cities SMACKDOWN!	 city-data
How rough is the economy out there?	 city-data
What's the difference between UT and A&M?	 city-data
Why do Texans deny their southern heritage?	 city-data
What's happening to Texas?	 city-data
Speed Traps	 city-data
Culturally embracing cities? Please take this seriously--I'm depressed  :(	 city-data
Why are Texans pro death penalty?	 city-data
Should Texas Students Have to Pledge Allegiance to Texas?	 city-data
Texans Drove My Cousins out of Texas!	 city-data
Does Texas support the border wall?	 city-data
Where does it begin...?	 city-data
Why in the world aren't there any big cities in Western Texas?	 city-data
Hurricane Ike - Texas Watch!	 city-data
Texas-California Rivalry and Antipathy	 city-data
Why every thread in the Florida forum turns sour?	 city-data
What do people have against South Florida?	 city-data
Is it "really that hot and humid"?	 city-data
Should Spanish become the official language of Florida?	 city-data
For those unhappy living in Florida	 city-data
Lowball / Short Sale Strategies	 city-data
Poll: Recall Rick Scott?	 city-data
If You Could Live ANYWHERE You Wanted To Live In Florida, Where Would You Choose?	 city-data
For those who moved to Florida, tell us	 city-data
The Villages Florida	 city-data
Is Tampa really that much better than Orlando?	 city-data
Let's Hear From All The Floridians: What's It Like In Your Part Of The State?	 city-data
Have you adapted to the Florida heat?	 city-data
Palm Coast	 city-data
Record snows pummel Boston, northeast,-they're coming	 city-data
Democrat Charlie Crist officially files for governor	 city-data
Where in Florida would a New Yorker feel comfortable?	 city-data
Florida Cancels High-Speed Rail Project, Rejects $2 billion	 city-data
Florida Greatest Advantages	 city-data
Is there any other reason to 'relocate' to Florida besides the weather/climate?	 city-data
Ok, who is really enjoying the weather right now?	 city-data
florida-gov-rick-scott-signs-bill-decreasing-unemployment-benefits - Gotta to be kidding me	 city-data
My House wont sell! Too many of them for sale in South FL!!	 city-data
Why is grocery food so expensive in Florida compared to the Northeast & CA?!	 city-data
Why do people 'relocate' to FL?	 city-data
What do you love most about Florida?	 city-data
Walk Away? Almost have to at this point...	 city-data
Florida Businesses of the past	 city-data
Census: More people leaving Florida than moving in	 city-data
How do longtime Floridians feel about population growth?	 city-data
Most under-rated (and over-rated) places in CA… and why?	 city-data
Why do people say California is so bad ?	 city-data
Former Housekeeper sues Meg Whitman for Abuse...	 city-data
Why Are People in SoCal So Rude?	 city-data
If we elect Nutmeg to Governor	 city-data
Do you ever get tired of all the taxes, high food, gas, "gotcha" taxes and fees?	 city-data
Will CA Voters Be The Oddballs?	 city-data
What city is the best alternative to California?	 city-data
KQED: California has the highest poverty rate in the country	 city-data
Tea Party Express battles CA GOP leaders	 city-data
Leaving California because of Prop 4	 city-data
Best/Worst States for Business	 city-data
Why does Cali rub some the wrong way	 city-data
Will California Boycott Arizona?	 city-data
California drought: 'May have to migrate people'	 city-data
Your comments, please, on...CA Dream Fizzling Out	 city-data
Will you miss Barbara Boxer???	 city-data
Do You Like California's Cultural Diversity?	 city-data
Why all the hate on California	 city-data
1000 Nurses March on Whitman's House	 city-data
Chevron moving 800 CA jobs to Texas	 city-data
Proposition 13 - An altenative	 city-data
Anyone Else Getting Drilled by Car Registration Fees?	 city-data
Burgers Better Than In and Out	 city-data
Socialists continue campaign to strip Californians of Constitutional rights	 city-data
Partition California into 5 states	 city-data
How in the Heck does Anyone Afford to Live in California?	 city-data
Where have all California's big trees gone?	 city-data
Stockton Today - California Tomorrow?	 city-data
If you were to consolidate governmental entities.....	 city-data
Should NY Be Split Into Two States?	 city-data
Elmira Photo Tour	 city-data
New City, NY	 city-data
Senator Clinton good/bad for New York?	 city-data
The Adirondacks vs. Vermont	 city-data
Cheapest New York State Colleges for Out-Of-State Students?	 city-data
Excluding NYC, is NY state red or blue?	 city-data
What are your state income taxes getting you?	 city-data
Gay couple looking to move to Ithaca	 city-data
Buffalo - Rochester - Syracuse	 city-data
I Love Ny!	 city-data
Info on Orange County, Ulster and Sullivan school districts.	 city-data
Help Matthew from CT find the perfect home in NY or NJ	 city-data
Niagara Falls to NYC in July. What's on the way?	 city-data
Binghamton Photo Tour	 city-data
Moving from  Sacramento to Syracuse or Ithaca	 city-data
Upstate - New York's dumping ground?	 city-data
Looking for advice on where to purchase	 city-data
New York Governor's Salary VS School Superintendent's Salaries!	 city-data
Binghamton, NY honest objective review	 city-data
Reasons why New York isn't a good place to open or operate a business	 city-data
Clinton County Info.	 city-data
1st time home buyer in Rockland County	 city-data
NYS Pension Fund	 city-data
***Where are the lowest property taxes counties in upstate NY	 city-data
Great Lakes/Midwest, the region of the future?	 city-data
If Virginia is considered Mid-Atlantic- why isn't Kentucky?	 city-data
Are North Carolina and Virginia becomming less "Southern?"	 city-data
First thing you think of for each state	 city-data
What Is Martin Luther King Drive In Your City Like?	 city-data
What states are northern	 city-data
Current location of the Mason-Dixon line	 city-data
Does the Pacific Northwest seem isolated from the rest of the United States?	 city-data
Southerner wanting to move to another southern state NOT so over run with Northerners! (No Offense really)	 city-data
Why is interracial marriage more common out West than it is out East?	 city-data
If you don't live in Portland, Seattle, Austin, Boston, or San Francisco, do you ever get jealous of those who do?	 city-data
Best Beaches in the U.S.	 city-data
Fastest Drivers......	 city-data
State With The Most Pride?	 city-data
States in the US with problems with inclusiveness and diversity	 city-data
Reasons why the South has highest obesity rate?	 city-data
Which States Are South Atlantic?	 city-data
Is California distinct from the rest of the US?	 city-data
What's worse - Arizona or Deep South summer?	 city-data
Pew Research Study: Where Americans want to live	 city-data
Furthest North, East, South, & West You've Been	 city-data
a new definition of the midwest?	 city-data
Top 10 states with the most diverse geography.	 city-data
Best Malls In The Country	 city-data
Are westerners "snobby" about the east?	 city-data
Weird names for cities or towns.	 city-data
Most European City in the US	 city-data
Why does the rest of the country think New England is the only place with fall foliage?	 city-data
What cities in the United States have lots of Irish heritage?	 city-data
Best cities for African Americans to live in (2013)	 city-data
Top 10 colleges academically and in reputation in your state?	 city-data
Wher to move for hot summers and snowy winters	 city-data
Accent map	 city-data
Differences within the Midwest	 city-data
How the World views US States; States ranked as worldwide brand names	 city-data
Your State's #1 Sports Team (All sports and levels included)	 city-data
Bordering states that don't have particularly strong ties	 city-data
What do you think of Oklahoma?	 city-data
Favorite/ Least Favorite City by Region	 city-data
NC Mid-Atlantic?Deep South?Southeast??!!	 city-data
How does Chicago relate to it's Midwestern relitives?	 city-data
The Deep North?	 city-data
Northerners Living in the South: Share Your Experience	 city-data
Why don't Northerners seem to lose their accents when they move South?	 city-data
Things that you're jealous of in other regions/states	 city-data
Best city with no need of A/C & Heat	 city-data
Why do American's like Mcdonald's so much?	 city-data
The most naturally beautiful neighborhood in Texas?	 city-data
Why no casinos in Texas? = Republicans (John Cornyn)	 city-data
What's the Big Deal?	 city-data
Texas ignorance	 city-data
Does the retail in Dallas and Houston truly compare?	 city-data
Is Austin Cowboys Country or Texans Country?	 city-data
How many accents does Texas have?	 city-data
Texas Senator Wendy Davis embarks One Woman Filibuster to combat Abortion Restriction Measures	 city-data
NCAA, Big 12 Keeps Watchful Eye on Texas Bathroom Bill	 city-data
Yikes! A rattlesnake!	 city-data
From Chicago to Houston or Dallas?	 city-data
Bean Poll	 city-data
Dallas vs San Antonio	 city-data
What 10 things make a person "A Texan"?	 city-data
Bible belt and tollerance	 city-data
Are Texas Born Blacks And Hispanics Least Likely To Have the Stereotypical Texan Accent ?	 city-data
Texas State BOE - Shrewd (not)- Religion as Science	 city-data
Is Texas a good place to move for African-Americans?	 city-data
Rangers vs Yankees	 city-data
Texas Skyline Ratings: San Antonio	 city-data
Why are so many people in Texas so friendly to strangers?	 city-data
For everyone thinking of moving to Texas: Reality Check	 city-data
Is it true Texans are the friendliest people?	 city-data
midland tx?	 city-data
Pros vs. Cons of TX cities	 city-data
In 100 years, which metro will be Texas's largest	 city-data
Could TX elect a lesbian governor?	 city-data
Is Texas a good place to live?	 city-data
Wealth Inequality in America	 city-data
Miss California Sparks Furor With Gay Marriage Comments on Miss USA Telecast	 city-data
National Security Advisor Michael Flynn RESIGNS!!	 city-data
They Got Same Sex Marriage, Now They Want Legalized Polygamy:	 city-data
Ferguson, MO. Warzone	 city-data
Are there really people in America who have no concept of the reality of slavery?	 city-data
Killer ex-cop in LA!	 city-data
Why do middle class people hate the 1% ???	 city-data
City & State Smoking Bans....	 city-data
Global warming?	 city-data
Can a Professional, Productive Member of Society Be a Regular Cannabis User?	 city-data
I am so SICK of the nutcase BIRTHERS!	 city-data
Gowdy to Head Special Committee on Benghazi	 city-data
Women tweeting their abortions	 city-data
American's hatred of poor people	 city-data
In Loving Memory Of Joseph Stack (1956-2010)	 city-data
White House recommendations on gun control	 city-data
Smoking bans cannot be justified	 city-data
Occupy is needed	 city-data
Gas Prices Rise Again, Move Closer to $4 - Thank You Obama	 city-data
Mike Pence booed and jeered while seeing play in NY	 city-data
GOP Introduces plan to Massively cut Social Security	 city-data
Should Obama implement reparations for African Americans?	 city-data
Civil War Being Re-branded, without the Slavery	 city-data
Deep cuts to country's food stamp program	 city-data
Palin Quits as Governor of Alaska	 city-data
War on Women	 city-data
Ahmed didn't actually build clock. It's just a disassembled, store-bought clock.	 city-data
Why people have a right to healthcare	 city-data
The Laughable Myth that a Gun Cannot Protect You	 city-data
REPORT - Russia has compromising personal and financial info on Trump	 city-data
Judge orders Colo. cake-maker to serve gay couples	 city-data
Rand Paul: Fed. Gov. had no right tell private businesses they couldn't discriminate against blacks, gays…	 city-data
Why don't most women want guns?	 city-data
Are marijuana users criminals?	 city-data
Did Christie Appointee Close Bridge for Vengeance?	 city-data
Obama signs law legalizing horse slaughter in the US	 city-data
Twisted logic of liberals	 city-data
Why I Deserve $15 Minimum Wage	 city-data
Anyone familiar with the autism/vaccine debate?	 city-data
CIA Director David Petraeus Resigns Effective Immediately	 city-data
Fair Tax - Fair or Not Fair?	 city-data
Shots Fired in Dallas - Appears to be several cops have been shot	 city-data
Do you want universal health care?	 city-data
The Confederate Flag - how do you feel about it?	 city-data
Kate's Law	 city-data
The Police Hunt Black People Like Slaves (and other minorities).	 city-data
Stop The Attacks on the LDS Church!	 city-data
Why Not Universal Health Care?	 city-data
Marriage Equality Becomes Law in New Mexico	 city-data
On Deck --- Minimum Wage	 city-data
One Nation Working Together Rally in D.C.	 city-data
Lois Learner/IRS/email Thread	 city-data
Advertisers and radio stations pull out of Limbaugh's show-the people have spoken	 city-data
What kind of woman, stands in line in public, in front of cameras, to get a free vibrator?	 city-data
Woman dies after murdering baby at 33 weeks	 city-data
No fast food on Thursday! Biggest strike in history	 city-data
Over 4000 black boys/men died in Chicago due to gun violence	 city-data
Congress Passes Health Care Reform Bill	 city-data
Oklahoma joins other states in marriage equality	 city-data
How are we still having conversations about moving past race when the Confederate flag still flies proudly?	 city-data
Maine abolishes same-sex marriage	 city-data
Top 1 Percent Of Americans Owns 40 Percent Of The Nation’s Wealth This Needs To Change	 city-data
Chemtrails??    is it true??   yes or no???	 city-data
If you support the redifinition of marriage, do you support consensual incest?	 city-data
Has the Black Population Made Itself Politically Irrelevant?	 city-data
Nationwide Zero-tolerance Smoking Legislation for Multi-Unit Dwellings	 city-data
My pastor is a liberal.	 city-data
About one million abortions every year in usa	 city-data
Should the U.S. withdraw from UNESCO and ban IB in U.S. public schools?	 city-data
Florida sales numbers just in as repoted by Realtors. It's crashing, they can't hide it anymore.	 city-data
What are the negatives to living in Florida?	 city-data
Anyone relocate to FL then regret it years later.....	 city-data
What do you do with lizards...?	 city-data
Perception of FL -	 city-data
Bill would give molesters life on 2nd offense	 city-data
Someone explain to me Florida's poor job output / low pay	 city-data
wood frame homes vs. concrete homes	 city-data
A question for all Northerners	 city-data
You guys are killing us..Is Florida this bad?	 city-data
Ten Things Everyone Moving To Northern Florida Needs To Know And Understand	 city-data
What happens in Florida when Castro dies?	 city-data
good and bad in Lakeland?	 city-data
Why is Florida's population continuing to grow so fast??	 city-data
Rent hikes in South Florida apartments among highest in nation	 city-data
Why all the Palm Coast bashing??	 city-data
Why should Floridians be armed?	 city-data
Who is Charlie Crist?	 city-data
List of those who moved BACK TO FLORIDA	 city-data
Question to All Who Have Their Houses For Sale In Florida ??	 city-data
any thoughts on Lakeland, Fl	 city-data
Has there ever been a worse time to be in Florida?	 city-data
The Frustration is getting deeper! This home must sell!	 city-data
Florida rejects unemployment extension signed by Obama!!!	 city-data
anyone move to Fla- hate it and moving out?	 city-data
Medical marijuana in FL 2016. How are y'all voting?	 city-data
Florida's *only* problem	 city-data
Is Key West "bum  or homeless friendly"?I'll Be there soon!!	 city-data
Dreaded thin envelope from Allstate...	 city-data
Elimination of Property Taxes could solve a RE crash	 city-data
Too Much Free Parking In CA?	 city-data
4AM last call for alcohol in California?	 city-data
What letter grade would you give California's economy and living conditions, and why?	 city-data
Wow, California Has Sunk to a New Low	 city-data
Something not seen in Texas:)	 city-data
Future affordability of California?	 city-data
Gas jumped 23 cents per gallon today	 city-data
The Term "Cali" for California-Natives Opinion	 city-data
For the "California Is a Nanny State" People:	 city-data
Love/Hate for California	 city-data
These are not the 1980s - CA is not your destination	 city-data
Is there anyplace left in Northern CA that one can live in privacy with little or no traffic?	 city-data
Is all I have heard about Southern Cal being not so friendly towards Indian (India) people true?	 city-data
Is Leaving California More Practical Than Water Rationing?	 city-data
Do You Support Calexit Knowing that It's Sponsored by Russia?	 city-data
Why do Californians get so pompous when they leave CA?	 city-data
California's Costly Propositions	 city-data
Prop 30 poll	 city-data
Eliminate Prop 13 tax breaks for Real Estate Investors	 city-data
What makes California schools so poor?	 city-data
How was California in the 50's, 60's, 70's, 80's?	 city-data
Don't Californicate my State?	 city-data
Where are you from originally?	 city-data
CalPERs about to post $31 billion loss	 city-data
So if all white people and blacks are leaving California	 city-data
Austin companies head to CA to recruit talent	 city-data
Bill AB 1014: Gun violence restraining orders	 city-data
California is Broke-19 reason why it might be time for everyone to leave the state of California for good.	 city-data
Upstate, Finger Lakes, Southern Tier???	 city-data
Considering move from Jacksonville FL to Ithaca NY - are we crazy?	 city-data
The "I Love New York" Thread	 city-data
Moving to Utica	 city-data
Moving to Corning	 city-data
Buffalo vs Abany: Which is a happier place?	 city-data
Binghamton - Good things please	 city-data
Is it True That Most Upstaters Have Never Been to NYC?	 city-data
If Darfur were in New York State, CHKthankgod would tell folks to move here lol	 city-data
"Quaint" communities	 city-data
Country Life----Where to go?	 city-data
Census results in and no surprise, New York loses residents!	 city-data
Best Place to live on the Hudson	 city-data
Do you think Binghamton is ghetto??	 city-data
No Toronto game for the Bills-- How about the Syracuse dome?	 city-data
Is it wrong to still love NY?	 city-data
Astorino is right	 city-data
Where are the NY cities on this list?	 city-data
2nd Amendment/Self-Defense Question	 city-data
Exports and Generation Y are keys to Upstate growth?	 city-data
How do people live in NY !?!	 city-data
S. California to New York State?	 city-data
Pictures of endwell johnson city and binghamton	 city-data
Binghamton, Vestal, or commute from Ithaca? Looking for best schools.	 city-data
Unspoken Southern Rules	 city-data
What is the true Divide Line between the North and the South?	 city-data
How does your state view neighboring states?	 city-data
What Metro Area has the most "ticky tack" ugly commercial development?	 city-data
You Know You're from... When...	 city-data
What's your race?	 city-data
Most Quintessentially "Northern" City?	 city-data
So where do you buy groceries?	 city-data
Will LA ever surpass NYC in population?	 city-data
What out of towner license plates do you tend to see the most of in your city?	 city-data
What's the next trendy city?	 city-data
Which is better Texas or Arizona???	 city-data
Wisconsin vs Minnesota, where would you live?	 city-data
Which US city has the most developed medical facilities??	 city-data
Texas vs. North Carolina	 city-data
Where does the West begin?	 city-data
Humidity and Winter: New England vs Midwest ??	 city-data
Top 25 Beaches in the US: 2013 Travelers Choice	 city-data
What is "the middle of nowhere" to you?	 city-data
Most libertarian city in the U.S.	 city-data
other states license plates in your city	 city-data
In which US city is Soccer actually more popular than American football?	 city-data
Subregions of the Midwest	 city-data
Do you ever wish that the United States had an overall stronger European cultural influence than it does?	 city-data
What would you consider a Yankee?	 city-data
Places with a strong marijuana culture?	 city-data
The Quintessentially most NORTHERN state?	 city-data
The Oil City Photo Trip - You can ride shotgun	 city-data
Why do Americans find it so hard to deal with unfamiliarity?	 city-data
Favorite Super Bowl city?	 city-data
State with Changing Premier Cities	 city-data
What kind temperature do YOU consider hot, cold, or perfect?	 city-data
Virginia is the Birthplace of Southern Culture !	 city-data
What cities have the best St. Patrick's Day celebrations?	 city-data
Tired of living in the South	 city-data
Why do Americans work so much?!	 city-data
It's official: Florida passes New York in population.	 city-data
Have any Americans ever been to Toronto?	 city-data
Southern Food	 city-data
What are some great things the Northeast has that the Western U.S. doesn't? (not trying to insult anyone)	 city-data
What states are "Southern".	 city-data
Y'all or You Guys	 city-data
Best overall football city?	 city-data
Why do some people still hold to the belief that the South is rural and the Northeast is urban?	 city-data
Your trip through the ghetto?	 city-data
Is Florida "Truly" A southern state?	 city-data
NBA, NFL, MLB: What cities should be next to get their own major league sports team?	 city-data
Are there any cities that DON'T have suburbs?	 city-data
Avoiding Rap Music?? Best Places??	 city-data
Who Has the Best Home Cooking in Texas?	 city-data
Texans, which is more harmful to society:  booze or weed?	 city-data
DFW is so divided. Houston isn't.	 city-data
Status of Anti-gropiing (TSA Security Patdowns) bill in Texas.... (merged threads)	 city-data
What is the proper way to wear Cowboy boots?	 city-data
Any TX town not humid??	 city-data
10 Texas restaurants that you must eat at at least once.	 city-data
I love this state!	 city-data
Places to Avoid in Killeen, Fort Hood Area?	 city-data
Legal Underage Drinking in Texas	 city-data
Perry vetoes Texting-While-Driving bill	 city-data
Secession talk and ammunition stockpiling! Has Texas gone crazy?	 city-data
Why are more educated people (at least in TX) liberal?	 city-data
Highways are a detriment to Texas' large cities...	 city-data
What is the "personality" of Texas like?	 city-data
Poll:  Texas Forum Attitudes on Hunting	 city-data
Chili:  Beans or no beans?	 city-data
How are atheists treated in Texas?	 city-data
Houston, San Antonio, and Austin are the #2, #3, and #4 fastest growing cities in the U.S.	 city-data
Most dangerous hoods/neighborhoods/cities in Texas??	 city-data
A Texas Poster's Favorite Pie	 city-data
Horrible Electricity Rates in Texas - Deregulation raised prices?	 city-data
Governor Perry anounces he is considering running for president	 city-data
Cities on the Rise in Texas. The Woodlands #1	 city-data
Is Texas economy really that good, or is Texas a bit overrated?	 city-data
Summer Heat of 1980	 city-data
What Gives? Why is it so difficult to rent a house in the Midland/Odessa area?	 city-data
Dallas VS Austin Vs Houston	 city-data
Florida ranks 5th in new national report on education quality	 city-data
Adams Homes quality?	 city-data
Moving to southwest Florida from Buffalo, NY	 city-data
Florida Political Landscape	 city-data
Florida continues to fall short of its goal of transforming itself into a high-tech state brimming with high-paying jobs	 city-data
Is there any Chance of Florida Going RED this Election?	 city-data
Boomer retirement will be the "peak" of Florida growth	 city-data
Why are there so many thugs in florida?	 city-data
What is the Florida Lifestyle ?	 city-data
Do you support legalizing marijuana?-Poll	 city-data
Sex Offenders	 city-data
Why I moved to Florida: & I'm staying!	 city-data
Getting your area code tattooed on your body	 city-data
Gas Prices	 city-data
SE Florida seems to be booming like crazy	 city-data
Exaggerations on this board	 city-data
I've finally caved on the whole seat belt thing...	 city-data
Is Florida Over?	 city-data
Friendliest county in Central Florida?	 city-data
The Oddball?	 city-data
Has anyone lived in both Florida and Texas to compare? Which is better and why?	 city-data
What FLORIDA really stands for!	 city-data
Is FL woefully underserved in the grocery space?	 city-data
For those originally from the NE, do you prefer 6 months of NE winter, or 6 months of FL Hazy, hot and humid?	 city-data
Pricing of houses	 city-data
Florida has excellent roads but bad drivers!	 city-data
Where is all this money comming from?	 city-data
One More Week!!!!	 city-data
My stereotype of FL vs. what is TRUE Florida.	 city-data
Info on moving upstate to Beacon, NY	 city-data
Another Hot-button topic: Natural Gas Drilling	 city-data
Small towns with movie theaters	 city-data
If you live in Upstate NY, what sports teams do you root for?	 city-data
New York Real Estate Taxes	 city-data
Rockland County	 city-data
If we move to Oneida will we get stuck there?	 city-data
Commuting to NYC from Orange County	 city-data
NYS gun laws.	 city-data
Why so much NC on the NY board?	 city-data
Feeling unmotivated/low key depressed after relocation/big life change?	 city-data
Looking to leaving NY	 city-data
Help! Please explain...Wallkill...	 city-data
I have full-blown -miss-WNY-panic now!	 city-data
Growth of the 10 largest counties in Upstate NY	 city-data
Spitzer And Taxes,upstate?	 city-data
Safe to buy in Upstate NY, Delaware County, Catskills, given Marcellus Shale & fracking potential?	 city-data
Where do New Yorkers who are sick of the cost of living and lack of nature move to?	 city-data
Mullets in upstate NY	 city-data
Good neighborhoods in Watertown NY??	 city-data
All Ado about Nothing...	 city-data
Violent State?	 city-data
Hearing bad things on NYS tax refunds, true?	 city-data
When moving to Texas, remember that Texas is a different world	 city-data
A Slice Of Texas (Post your pics of Texas)	 city-data
Why are Texans so hostile and judgmental towards transplants?	 city-data
McAllen's aiming to be "the new Austin"	 city-data
How to Native Texans REALLY feel about transplants?	 city-data
Seven Killed in Ft Hood Shooting	 city-data
Requirements to become a Texas Resident?	 city-data
Texans: Hats on or off while eating?	 city-data
Texas vs. Alabama -- get your predictions in!	 city-data
Wow-folks really are escaping the economically depressed states (about my new neighbor)	 city-data
What part of TX is NOT desert?	 city-data
Poll:  Texans on Legalizing Marijuana	 city-data
Uptown and Midtown Dallas vs Uptown and Midtown Houston	 city-data
Impressions of TX	 city-data
Where in Texas have you lived?	 city-data
Poll on Intent/Meaning of Second Amendment	 city-data
Racism in Victoria, Texas	 city-data
Is Texas just like the stereotype?	 city-data
Do most young Texans in the cities still have Southern accent?	 city-data
Texas Forum Ideology Poll	 city-data
Texas High Speed Rail	 city-data
REGRETS? Of moving to TX?	 city-data
Rank the Southern-ness of these Texan cities	 city-data
Cities with the most potential	 city-data
It's about to get frigid	 city-data
Texas Gets $15 million for Houston-DFW High Speed Rail Line	 city-data
The Black-eyed Pea Poll	 city-data
Texas girls/women	 city-data
Dallas and Fort Worth separate economic and population stats	 city-data
Why do people speed so much on the highway in big Texas cities	 city-data
Texas Economy as Bad as California	 city-data
CA Legislators look to build 'firewall' against Trump, fund lawyers for immigrants costing tens of millions	 city-data
My first day as a resident of California	 city-data
20% tip is too generous for CA's minimum wage waitstaff	 city-data
Opinion Piece: The Golden State isn't worth it	 city-data
Texas has to buy jobs, while California creates them	 city-data
Santa Maria	 city-data
Name Your Top 3 Towns or Cities in California	 city-data
Ban the "seven dirty words" in California classrooms	 city-data
Why doesn't California Brag Incessantly about Leading the Nation's Job Growth, like Texas did when they used to be #1?	 city-data
Can California Requisition Water From the Columbia River via Congress?	 city-data
Do Californians have accents?	 city-data
74% of Californians do not support Sanctuary City policies according to UC Berkeley Poll	 city-data
Being a Californian Native, i'd never move to Texas	 city-data
White People are leaving the Golden State in a mass exodus	 city-data
Has Proposition 13 benefitted or harmed California thus far?	 city-data
'Hella' and 'Cali' usage	 city-data
Why is California welcoming to outsiders...But other states are not?	 city-data
How do people in California deal with the high taxes?	 city-data
Stick a Fork in it! Is California done?	 city-data
California's Demise Greatly Exaggerated (?) -- editorial --	 city-data
El Nino Done?	 city-data
California Internet Sales Tax Law - read this before you move there!	 city-data
Worst Ghetto in California?	 city-data
Will you be voting for the tax measures this fall?	 city-data
"My people"	 city-data
Scientists warn of a winter "Superstorm" to hit California	 city-data
Jerry Brown dragged Rick Scott (Florida Gov.) over California visit	 city-data
52% of Americans Wants to Heavily Tax the Rich	 city-data
Epidemic Flu	 city-data
Why the hatred of unions in the USA ?	 city-data
Student in South Carolina Physically Abused by Cop	 city-data
Are Half Blacks 'Allowed' to Identify as 'White'?	 city-data
why do people who believe being gay is a choice, not just simply go to the source and ask gay people?	 city-data
Chickens in Slaughterhouses routinely tortured and abused	 city-data
History Professor Palin gives a lesson on Paul Revere	 city-data
Dem lawmakers flee from Wis. Capitol ahead of union vote	 city-data
Arizona Shooting Memorial/Funeral Thread	 city-data
Family of Florida boy killed by Neighborhood Watch seeks arrest	 city-data
is the birther movement dead ?	 city-data
A black guy message to the racist fathers of the women he dates.	 city-data
Coward Obama stabs Israel in the back on his way out	 city-data
So I get stuck behind a WIC woman today...	 city-data
NC: Lesbian Couple, Handed a Rude Anti-Gay Letter From Restaurant Owner after they had already eaten and paid	 city-data
GOP Rep Supports Passing A Bill To Investigate Obama's Birth Certificate	 city-data
Should parents have the right to have their infant son circumcised?	 city-data
Seattle cop punches 17 year old girl in the face for jaywalking..	 city-data
Is it justifiable to kill a thief?	 city-data
***Tonight's CNN Debate***	 city-data
Marine's speak out against O'bama, will defy orders!	 city-data
San Francisco Homeless At Crisis Levels	 city-data
Mississippi governor signs law allowing businesses to refuse service to gay people	 city-data
***Miss California, Miss California, Miss California!!***	 city-data
LOL, muslims protests pig farm.  Pig farmer responds with pig races	 city-data
Should Islamic immigration be stopped or banned in the U.S.?	 city-data
Should people be required to take drug tests to receive welfare and unemployment benefits?	 city-data
Libya No Fly Zone Approved;War Number Three For US	 city-data
Meet The Climate Change Deniers	 city-data
If A Family Requires WIC Assistance, Then They Shouldn't Have Children. Period.	 city-data
December add 200K jobs, Unemployment rate drops to 8.5%	 city-data
What you had secretly suspected is true: Europe is superior	 city-data
Government Shutdown - April 8th? (All shutdown discussions)	 city-data
Do you miss the era before the smoking bans?	 city-data
***ACA Commentary***	 city-data
Should food stamps only be used to buy certain foods?	 city-data
White Guilt	 city-data
I'm sick of gay marriage advocates and illegals hijacking the civil rights struggle for their own gain!	 city-data
The Absent Black Father: Causes?	 city-data
Houston dad shoots, kills boy found inside daughter’s bedroom	 city-data
Again, why not Sensible Gun Laws	 city-data
Hacked Emails from GW Advocacy Group; "Hide the Decline"	 city-data
Why Gay Marriage wouldn't Work.	 city-data
Donald Trump says he would implement nationwide stop and frisk policy	 city-data
Why is homosexuality called a 'lifestyle' when it's actually a trait.?	 city-data
Liberal Anarchists going crazy at UC Berkley right now	 city-data
Pastor says blacks are worse off today than they were before the Civil Rights Act	 city-data
Innkeepers fined $30K, lose weddding business	 city-data
I am a 1% ter	 city-data
A question.. having children out of wedlock	 city-data
Face It: Edward Snowden Won	 city-data
Can a subject of the Queen become president of the USA ?	 city-data
*****CNBC GOP Presidential Debate 8PM EST*****	 city-data
What do you think makes a woman a feminist?	 city-data
Another racial issues discussion-looking for input *especially* from fellow blacks.	 city-data
The Chinese Invasion of America	 city-data
I'm Mad at Black Males Who Commit Crimes That Cause People to Be Biased Toward All Black Men	 city-data
Question to Americans; Does fast growing Hispanic population worry you?	 city-data
*****CNN GOP Presidential Debate 8:30 PM EST*****	 city-data
Missing Malaysian Plane	 city-data
Shooting in Wisc	 city-data
The middle class is suffering and the Republicans want to cut taxes for the wealthy	 city-data
Looks like Israel is whuppin arse........finally	 city-data
Universal Health Care in the Stimulus package???	 city-data
Why Obamacare is great!	 city-data
Christians who support gay-marriage	 city-data
What life is like on $7.25 per hour	 city-data
Sea Level Rise Accelerating.	 city-data
Regional slang, region-to-region or city-to-city	 city-data
anti-caucasian places in the US	 city-data
Foods that aren't nearly as good outside your metro area.	 city-data
What is the best liked city in your state?	 city-data
America's Soul-less Cities	 city-data
Are the Western states more "transplant-friendly" than the Southern states?	 city-data
Cities that are currently in renaissance?	 city-data
Asian American statistical portrait	 city-data
Post your favorite picture of Your city	 city-data
Midwestern Boundaries	 city-data
Predominantly Caucasian poor urban neighborhoods	 city-data
Largest, Whitest Cities besides Portland and Seattle	 city-data
How many cities have you lived in?	 city-data
Does city-data glorify Western climates too much?	 city-data
What do Southerners think of the Northern United States?	 city-data
2012 top 10 rudest cities in America (list)	 city-data
Why does it seem everyone want to move to Florida (like there is nowhere else)?	 city-data
What should the minimum wage be?	 city-data
Will The Rust Belt Ever Rebound?	 city-data
Southern California vs. South Florida	 city-data
Which state would you rather live in, Illinois or New York	 city-data
What are the softest major cities?	 city-data
Next world class/global US cities	 city-data
Misconceptions about your city/state	 city-data
Where in the US can an African-American male live in peace?	 city-data
What cities has the worst Humidity?	 city-data
Best U.S. Cities (25) to Live Work and Play	 city-data
If you're from the South, do people in other regions treat you like a fool?	 city-data
Most socially liberal cities /metro areas	 city-data
Does "East Coast" equal "Northeast"?	 city-data
which skyline is the best lite?	 city-data
Differences within the Northeast	 city-data
All winter tires?	 city-data
Is D.C. really the Northeast?	 city-data
Harlem. south central or cabrini green	 city-data
Metropolitan population estimates for July 1st, 2013	 city-data
Densest cities in the United States	 city-data
States ranked by IQ - how does YOURS stack up?	 city-data
Washington, D.C. and regional identity	 city-data
Is your town or city football crazy during football season? Where can I where nobody cares about football?	 city-data
How do Southern People View Californians	 city-data
Atlanta was "the premier African-American magnet" in the 1990s among metropolitan areas. What's the place now?	 city-data
Which City Is Too Overhyped on This Forum?	 city-data
Does Pennsylvania have more in common with New York or Maryland?	 city-data
Surprisingly mild winters?	 city-data
Most Liked/Disliked States	 city-data
Where is marijuana legal?	 city-data
Virginia vs South Carolina	 city-data
Publix, Piggly Wiggly, or Pathmark-What Supermarkets Do You Have in Your State?	 city-data
Florida coastline	 city-data
Florida Summer Terror Attack?	 city-data
Cubans coming ilegally into Florida	 city-data
Thousands of Syrian Muslims coming to Florida	 city-data
When will the brutal oppression end, and freedom prevail in Florida?	 city-data
What were some of your expectations when you moved to Florida?	 city-data
FL Condo owners losing their homes to investors.	 city-data
Has Florida exodus begun?	 city-data
What's So Great About Florida, Anyway?	 city-data
Are Floridians angry?	 city-data
Which one would YOU pick?? Snow or Sun??	 city-data
Best Florida Community for Liberal Transplants	 city-data
Florida can't be that bad!	 city-data
Florida VS North Carolina anyone?	 city-data
Which county would you erase?	 city-data
Do you ever get tired of the weather?	 city-data
New Florida Food Stamps Rules Punish College Students.	 city-data
Any one leaving FLA?	 city-data
Should Florida increase the cigarette tax?	 city-data
Florida passes New York in population.	 city-data
rude people tick me off	 city-data
Are You a "Floridian?"	 city-data
Hi, newbie. Want to move from U.K to Florida	 city-data
Publix lowering Wages	 city-data
NJ/NY vs. Living in Florida	 city-data
Pics of everyday scenes throughout south Florida	 city-data
Florida's wealth inequality is off the charts	 city-data
Florida Home Owners: How close are you to walking away?	 city-data
medical marijuana possible on the Florida 2010 ballot	 city-data
What is so great about Olean?	 city-data
Looking for Gang-free life.	 city-data
Cute, small, affordable towns in Upstate New York for teachers	 city-data
Relocating to Utica area for work - need advice on where to live!	 city-data
Pearl River	 city-data
Questions on a few SUNYs	 city-data
Place names that look or sound alike!	 city-data
Jefferson county/Watertown NY area	 city-data
Relocating to Watertown...	 city-data
middletown, ny	 city-data
Moving to NY State	 city-data
Quaint villages or towns?	 city-data
What do you think about Elmira, Binghamton, Ithaca, and Jamestown?	 city-data
NY Cities: Which Is Your Favorite?	 city-data
Tips on meeting new people in upstate NY?	 city-data
Another forbes list..America's Best Places To Raise A Family	 city-data
where in upstate ny for family farm	 city-data
Is Newburgh really that bad?	 city-data
I wanna move from Texas to New York	 city-data
My dream of moving from the South to CNY or WNY	 city-data
Considering a move upstate	 city-data
Moving to New York State, a few questions	 city-data
My Hudson Valley Fantasy	 city-data
What is Fulton like?	 city-data
What do upstaters consider as their beach destination	 city-data
Where do the artists live?	 city-data
Why doesn't California have Dunkin Donuts?	 city-data
Transgender student rights bill signed into law	 city-data
California Is The Worst Run State	 city-data
Anyone else LOVE California suburbs?	 city-data
moving to palmdale, ca - questions	 city-data
Why is the Bay area more expensive than So Cal when So Cal is nicer?	 city-data
Why are California schools so bad ?	 city-data
5 things you LOVE about California	 city-data
How long can California's drought last?	 city-data
Why does Fresno has such a bad reputation?	 city-data
Why californians didn't start a proposition to abolish state income tax?	 city-data
Can someone describe upstate california?	 city-data
Any Ex-South Florida People On Here That Moved to SoCal?	 city-data
Campus Shooting in Santa Barbara	 city-data
Is California the best state to live in, in the United States?	 city-data
Public Employees - The new welfare queens	 city-data
CA belongs to the Native Americans!	 city-data
Canadians invite the entire U.S. west coast and Nevada to join Canada	 city-data
Should California split into multiple states?	 city-data
California Schools To Teach Gay History	 city-data
Is this a stupid idea? Thanks.	 city-data
How soon is it appropriate to trash the Bay Area after I move to San Diego?	 city-data
californias receding hispanic majority	 city-data
Sacramento,CA VS. Long Beach,CA	 city-data
California Budget and Pension Liabilities	 city-data
CA Unemployment Ranking 48th highest...	 city-data
San Luis Obispo- Too good to be true??	 city-data
Proposition 8 Supporters Get Nasty...	 city-data
Your Natural Use of Traditional Texas "Idiom/Slang"	 city-data
Gov. Perry signs Sonogram (prior to abortion) Law	 city-data
What's Your Fave East Texas Metro?	 city-data
Which Texas City has the most vibrant downtown?	 city-data
Perry Praying people don't see his college transcripts	 city-data
Cursed Texas?	 city-data
Which large Texas city will come out strongest in the future	 city-data
The expression "might could"	 city-data
Swine flu "possible pandemic" in TX?	 city-data
Better Pedestrian-Friendly Walkability/Activity - Houston or Dallas?	 city-data
Looking for a homogenous white community in East Texas	 city-data
Moving to McAllen Texas from Indiana	 city-data
How is the tourism Industry in Houston compared to Dallas?	 city-data
Which city in Texas not named Dallas/Houston/Austin/San Antonio/ El Paso do you think will become major?	 city-data
What's Your Favorite Signature Skyscraper in Texas?	 city-data
Texas Okra! A Poll.	 city-data
6 Days in Texas - San Antonio or Dallas	 city-data
Texas weather....tell me about it....	 city-data
How often do you eat "Texan" foods?	 city-data
is Texas a southwestern or southern state?	 city-data
New General Issue License Plates	 city-data
The Battle of West Texas Hubs!! Amarillo or Lubbock??	 city-data
Laredo, TX	 city-data
Beyonce putting it down for houston and texas..	 city-data
Texas Beaches: Is it just me or...	 city-data
Temporary 2% sales tax increase proposed to fund education	 city-data
Your Favorite Texas River	 city-data
What are the Best Cities for blacks to live in?	 city-data
How do you get rid of an accent?	 city-data
Do Italian Americans tend to have their own culture?	 city-data
Is Arizona More Like California or Texas?	 city-data
Largest downtown	 city-data
does anyone like the midwestern accent?	 city-data
What city has the most culture?	 city-data
When did America decline?	 city-data
Is America "boring" compared to other countries?	 city-data
Why doesn't US aggressively in passenger rail infrastructure?	 city-data
College Towns (part 1): The Best and Worst	 city-data
Very Masculine Type Sick Of Frou-Frou Hipster Cities - What City Best to Relocate For the Manly Man?	 city-data
The ten most Sprawling U.S. cities	 city-data
Map of murder rates in the US by state for 2015	 city-data
Where does it become too hot in the United States	 city-data
Do You Like Winter?	 city-data
What is the northernmost Southern city? Southernmost Northern city?	 city-data
LA will soon be King of West Coast and USA	 city-data
Do you boycott certain states?	 city-data
What city is most at odds with the state it resides in?	 city-data
Your top 5 favorite cities?	 city-data
Area in U.S. that looks and feels like England?	 city-data
Which city has the best/worst drivers?	 city-data
Militarization of American police	 city-data
Gateway Cities to the Deep South	 city-data
Do people from the deep south respect Maryland	 city-data
Southern Whites Vs. Northern Whites	 city-data
Is the South's image a hard sell?	 city-data
Should I move from Baltimore to Cleveland or Charlotte?	 city-data
U.S. Obesity Map (by county)	 city-data
Eastern vs. Western living	 city-data
Why would anyone want to live in suburbia?	 city-data
Why did Houston and L.A. become the most diverse & cosmopolitan cities???	 city-data
Isn't "the east coast" really just 4-5 major cities?	 city-data
How many murders did your city have in 2008?	 city-data
So who is considered a "Yankee"	 city-data
What state thinks they area better than the rest of the country overall??	 city-data
Why do people think redneck is the same as being Southern?	 city-data
Is the Pacific Northwest overrated?	 city-data
what is your ancestry?	 city-data
which city has the best skyline/downtown	 city-data
Why is the Mid-Atlantic region lumped in with the N.E.?	 city-data
Cities That Think They are Bigger Than They Are	 city-data
America's Most Beautiful Cities	 city-data
What does it mean to be a Northerner?	 city-data
Rate Your City's Downtown Area	 city-data
Gay Friendly Southern Cities?	 city-data
Mass shooting in N. Florida	 city-data
Why did you move to Florida?	 city-data
WHO has the legal right in a foreclosure with a tenant?	 city-data
Florida Ranked #3 in the Happiest State Study	 city-data
LOL, I'm noticing a spike in the amount of "I need to get out of the cold and move somewhere warm" threads...	 city-data
Rick Scott or Alex Sink?	 city-data
Right To Work?????? Right To Be Exploited???????	 city-data
If you arent retiring and have no (or little capital) why move to Florida?	 city-data
You can always telll who the new ones are in Fla when a storm comes...	 city-data
The Florida POSITIVE thread:	 city-data
Publix or Winn-Dixie?	 city-data
Are Tourists welcomed in your part of Florida ?	 city-data
Why Does the Work Ethic in Florida Suck?	 city-data
Sticking up for Florida	 city-data
Hey am I the only one looking to buy?	 city-data
Conserned about the amount of sex offenders in Florida	 city-data
Sellers Market	 city-data
Can't wait for Snowbird Season to be over	 city-data
Don't Move Here!	 city-data
Why do people confuse lack of topography with lack of scenery when it comes to Florida?	 city-data
Why are so many Senior Citizens working still in FLorida?  Taking jobs away from younger people!	 city-data
We said people were moving from Florida.	 city-data
Intrastate rail service in Florida	 city-data
Are people leaving Fla because of Global Warming?	 city-data
Snow In Florida Today- Yes, You Heard Me Right!	 city-data
Anybody else get tired of 80 degree winters?	 city-data
Poll:  Do you Love Florida ?	 city-data
Ohio Born & Raised Frozen and want the Beach	 city-data
Need help from any New Yorker	 city-data
Relocating to Herkimer County	 city-data
What is $100 worth?	 city-data
Any thoughts on Warwick, Orange County, NY?	 city-data
Orange County, NY	 city-data
Apartments in Plattsburgh?	 city-data
Please: what is Corning, NY like???	 city-data
NY Prisoner Escape	 city-data
Welfare cases will get $185 million more.  $200 per child for "school supplies"	 city-data
Beacon, NY	 city-data
Moving to Ft. Drum/Watertown	 city-data
Thoughts on the new governor?	 city-data
Retiring Upstate - Need good locations	 city-data
Need advice on Horseheads NY	 city-data
Stupid question - cities, towns in 'greater NYC area'?	 city-data
Has anyone ever been to Howe Caverns?	 city-data
Need Help- where to relocate- NY or PA	 city-data
Gov Spitzer!	 city-data
Endicott Question	 city-data
Moving from FL to NY (between Cornwall and Yonkers) -PLEASE HELP!!	 city-data
Considering moving to the Pulaski area....help please!!!	 city-data
Senator Clinton..... again! It'll be great!	 city-data
Governor Cuomo Introduces Pension Reform Legislation (Tier 6)	 city-data
Possibly Relocating to Newburgh, NY - Help!	 city-data
43,000 Texans flee low wages and environmental problems for California	 city-data
California recovery?  Not.	 city-data
Automatic Voter Registration	 city-data
Study Shows Plastic Bag Ban Resulting in Health Problems	 city-data
Does downtown San Luis Obispo need more franchise retail clothing stores?	 city-data
If Money Was No Object, Where in CALIFORNIA Would You Live?	 city-data
If you don't like CA you have two options	 city-data
Mystery Missle Caught on Video Near LA	 city-data
Can someone explain the heating culture in California?	 city-data
Second county votes to secede from CA	 city-data
Bill approved to ban plastic bags statewide in California	 city-data
Texas Economy VS California's	 city-data
Things to Love About Crescent City	 city-data
Your first In N Out Burger...	 city-data
Strong NorCal bias on this forum. Does anyone actually prefer SoCal?	 city-data
Waiting For The Rain - Wine Country Report	 city-data
Yorba Linda votes to support Arizona	 city-data
Outrageous police salaries	 city-data
This plastic bag "ban" needs to be repealed.	 city-data
Is California overpopulated?	 city-data
Dan Richards may be removed as Fish & Game president	 city-data
CA Bill Would Mandate Teaching of LGBT Contributions	 city-data
Has CA gone insane?	 city-data
Brown Now Double-Digit Lead Over Whitman	 city-data
Why do you HATE living in California?	 city-data
Brain drain: even college students are fleeing California	 city-data
Why California still hasn't split on 2 states?	 city-data
Prop 19 YES or NO???	 city-data
Anybody NOT like the people in Texas???	 city-data
Top Ten Texas songs of all Time!	 city-data
[Election for Governor] Bill White vs Rick Perry	 city-data
Are we failing our children in Texas?	 city-data
Spin off: Which Texas city has the hottest men??	 city-data
Austin beats Dallas/Fort Worth. Dallas/Fort Worth beats Austin. Your call.	 city-data
What is the deal with this October weather?	 city-data
Longview, Texas and rednecks.	 city-data
Odessa/Midland area? Comments Please!	 city-data
Texas SNUBBED for retired space shuttle	 city-data
Amazon to start charging taxes in TX - starting July 1, 2012	 city-data
Poll:  Your Opinions on Motor Vehicles vs. Bicycles	 city-data
Waco, Texas future	 city-data
Weather: Dallas vs. Houston?	 city-data
Will Texas Go To The Democrats In The Next 20-25 Years?	 city-data
Everything you need to know about East Texas/Piney Woods thread!!	 city-data
Houston's 2013 NBA all-star game vs. Dallas 2010 NBA all-star game	 city-data
What are the most unique cities in Texas?	 city-data
Go East Young Lady	 city-data
Best Hip-Hop in TX?	 city-data
Texas vs. New York	 city-data
2014 Population estimates ranked by largest city	 city-data
Which city do you perfer Nacogdoches or Lufkin or Longview or Tyler or Texarkana?	 city-data
Why are Texas Property rates extremely High, highest in nation	 city-data
Dallas area vs. Austin area	 city-data
moving to east texas this july	 city-data
If you believe 9/11 was a hoax...	 city-data
Federal judge strikes down AL marriage ban :)	 city-data
On Sept. 8, 2009, Obama will address America's School Children Across The Entire Nation	 city-data
When White People Stop Identifying Themselves As White, I'll Drop African American.	 city-data
Federal judge in Seattle puts nationwide halt to Trump’s ban	 city-data
Climate Change...Years of Living Dangerously.	 city-data
Warren barred from speaking on Senate floor	 city-data
Obama's "Shared sacrifice"; It's Date night!	 city-data
Will the MSM ever deal with the fact young Black males kill at 10 times the rate of Whites and Hispanics combined?	 city-data
FCC approves Net Neutrality!!!	 city-data
How does a photo ID requirement suppress voters?	 city-data
Doctor accused of severing babies' spines with scissors in 'house of horrors'	 city-data
pro-life Grandma Violently Attacked at Planned Parenthood	 city-data
Steubenville high school football players accused of raping an allegedly drunk 16-year-old girl found guilty.	 city-data
Obama: The $4/Gallon President	 city-data
5.1%  -- Wow	 city-data
Why is the USA so infested with anti gay bigots?	 city-data
Official Health Care Summit thread..	 city-data
Two shot near Garland events center	 city-data
40th anniversary of Roe v Wade	 city-data
Should Army Traitor Bowe Bergdahl Go To Prison	 city-data
***Breaking News: FBI is still of the opinion that Clinton should not face criminal charges***	 city-data
If you wish to abolish all welfare and social programs, what do you suppose happen to the people on them?	 city-data
Ebola out of control ..	 city-data
what the Alt-Right actually is	 city-data
The rich should pay more taxes!	 city-data
First gay major sports player comes out.   Will this ruin pro sports?	 city-data
If you can't see it's a baby, you're just blind.	 city-data
Do you support two weeks of mandatory vacation for all full-time workers in the US?	 city-data
Colorado man forced to bake gay wedding cakes, ordered by judge to attend "sensitivity training"	 city-data
The President's Address to Joint Session of Congress	 city-data
Why Do EBT Card Holders Get To Eat Better Than Me And My Family?	 city-data
Conervatives in the Supreme Court just Loosened Rules on Corporate Campagn Contibutions...	 city-data
What are your thoughts on abortion??	 city-data
In your opinion, should African Americans forgive America for slavery?	 city-data
Light bulb ban	 city-data
9th Circuit's Decision  ****UPDATE***	 city-data
Muslims are being allowed to	 city-data
Get rid of food stamps...	 city-data
What Is Wrong With Thinking Or Saying That Homosexuality Is Abnormal?	 city-data
Punks shoot baby in head during robbery	 city-data
Ever Wonder Why We Continue to Argue About Evolution?	 city-data
High School Students Told Their US Flag Apparel is Too Upsetting to Hispanic Students	 city-data
US Koran burning pretext for 20 UN deaths in Afghanistan	 city-data
Chicago: Kidnap and torture of white man livestreamed to YouTube by four blacks	 city-data
Big Pharma Gives Another Child Narcolepsy via the Swine Flu Vax, Then Cures It with a Miracle Drug That Costs Over $20k	 city-data
What race is to blame?	 city-data
Homophobic Nation	 city-data
Why Should A Planned Recreational Activity Be Covered By Health Insurance....	 city-data
How do you feel about same-sex marriage?	 city-data
Obama Tells World That Americans are Shameful for not wanting Refugees from Middle East - Do You Agree?	 city-data
Trayvon Martin's parents settle for $1M or more	 city-data
Israel kills over 140 Palestinians in one day!	 city-data
9/11 happened on Bush's watch	 city-data
NYC Snow Removal Debacle: Slowdown Ordered by Sanitation Union Bosses	 city-data
Marijuana use up 100% thanks to pro-pot agenda. Causes disorders in 30% of users.	 city-data
Video shows arrest of woman found hanging in jail	 city-data
This experiment shows how racism today works.	 city-data
Men and Abortion---Reclaiming Fatherhood	 city-data
Senator Ted Cruz begins Filibuster Denouncing Obamacare	 city-data
S&P downgrades US debt from AAA.....	 city-data
The Big Fundamental Difference Between those For and Against Obamacare	 city-data
Tea party on 9.12=Fail	 city-data
Young men are giving up on marriage	 city-data
Obamacare is up in the polls	 city-data
Brainwashed libertarian memes	 city-data
Have you ever SEEN racism in real life?	 city-data
Former Penn State Coach Arrested for Sexually Abusing Young Boys	 city-data
Are African American's discriminated against because they have dark skin, or something else?	 city-data
Upstate NY is AMAZING!	 city-data
Why Westchester is more Democratic than Long Island	 city-data
Spitzer's proposed prop. tax cut--passable? helpful? opinions?	 city-data
Question about the state.  "Urban sprawl"?	 city-data
Canandaigua vs town of Geneva vs Watkin's Glen	 city-data
Upstate New York is like...	 city-data
Any predictions?  What will be the next attractive relocation spot?	 city-data
Stay away from Olean	 city-data
If you could live anywhere in NYS outside of NYC where would it be?	 city-data
NYS/NYC speedtrap(s)	 city-data
stewart airport	 city-data
Is there going to be a seperation between Upstate NY and Downstate NY	 city-data
Social conservatives in New York?	 city-data
Consolidation/County School Districts	 city-data
Thinking about moving home to Rome New York	 city-data
Ithaca	 city-data
Quaintness of Cairo, NY seems to be facade!	 city-data
Little Falls, NY?	 city-data
Looking for some info on Western NY :)	 city-data
Nanuet Mall Plans??	 city-data
Living on Lake Ontario	 city-data
As of 2012-- 10% of Florida's population were born in NY and NJ	 city-data
If you're moving out of FL...	 city-data
My move and exploration of Florida	 city-data
Does anyone think that police are losing their patience in Florida?	 city-data
Guard Dogs breeds in Florida	 city-data
Leaving Florida? Where are you moving?	 city-data
Tax advantages of Fla. residency	 city-data
Why isn't Jacksonville more like Miami?	 city-data
Hey Florida Whats your Fascination with the Heat? (weather)	 city-data
To People Who Want to Move to Florida!	 city-data
What's with all the flaming here?	 city-data
Looking For Afordable Southeastern Florida Living	 city-data
Why is Florida so soft on crime?	 city-data
Ya just have to wonder why we choose to live in Florida	 city-data
Rick Scott - What a crook!	 city-data
$50k-100k jobs in FL part 2 - How much do you make?	 city-data
I was just trying to pull into my own driveway.	 city-data
Where all these anti-Florida people coming from?	 city-data
Really So the bottom of the housing market has fallen out???	 city-data
I viewed a stripped home today	 city-data
The future of Florida?	 city-data
Clearest water on the Gulf Coast	 city-data
Moving to FL but hate everything about it - where should I live?	 city-data
How will the coming recession effect florida?	 city-data
Is everywhere humid?	 city-data
Flying Roaches?!	 city-data
Florida schools - Not so bad afterall?	 city-data
Why do people who do not live in California hate California?	 city-data
Vandals attack Santa Cruz church	 city-data
Any native Californian millenials thinking of leaving?	 city-data
Why do people stay?	 city-data
California debt: What options are available?	 city-data
California Breakup Initiative: Enough Signatures Gathered	 city-data
California High Speed Rail Discussion	 city-data
Where are Californians NOT moving to?	 city-data
California to ban black cars. Wait, wat?!?	 city-data
Jerry Brown, Man with a Plan	 city-data
California - You Made Your Own Fiscal Mess	 city-data
CA Lawmakers Pass New Gun Laws	 city-data
East Coast vs. West Coast Lifestyles	 city-data
Two Week Road Trip: What are the "must sees" in the Central California?	 city-data
California's Drought.	 city-data
Proposition 13 and how it has affected California	 city-data
Best Place for Former Californians to Retire To	 city-data
California....golden handcuffs.	 city-data
Do You Think Gavin Newsom Will Be the Next Governor?	 city-data
Conservative Ben Gifford for California U.S. Senate 2012	 city-data
The "California Open" -- a forum challenge	 city-data
Prop. 13 on the way out???	 city-data
Panda Express made Hispanic employees clean toilets while Asian workers watched	 city-data
Are You Leaving If Proposition 30 Passes?	 city-data
It's not Cali	 city-data
CA built Tesla Model S  is the 2nd best selling  luxury car in the natipn	 city-data
Want to move to CA (lived there before), but see people leaving	 city-data
Myth or Reality: Is Northern California really more laid-back than Southern California?	 city-data
Another illegal immigrant in CA murders someone	 city-data
The Top Ten Things You Love About Texas	 city-data
Moving to Texas: Is Texas really racist?	 city-data
CENSUS 2010 : Latino Numbers Soar in Texas, Promising More Political Clout	 city-data
Texas - Government still stupid?  Check.	 city-data
Should Texas Law Permit the Use of Deadly Force to Protect Property	 city-data
How Texan Are You? (Quiz)	 city-data
Oil field work in tx	 city-data
Stop the Monstrous Water Gridzilla!	 city-data
Austin bag ban and the state legislature	 city-data
Texas Needs a Permanent, Progressive State Income Tax	 city-data
Why are Houston posters insecure about Dallas?	 city-data
Texas firearm laws??	 city-data
New Texas Drivers License.	 city-data
SXSW moving from Austin to San Antonio?	 city-data
Austin vs. San Antonio	 city-data
Best Barbecue in Texas?	 city-data
Favorite MLB team	 city-data
What is the most "country town like" city over 100,000?	 city-data
Cali Girl considering relocation to TX	 city-data
Is Brownsville really that bad?!	 city-data
Do You Like Grits?	 city-data
Will this winter ever end? (April 2014)	 city-data
Texas Drivers!!!!	 city-data
What are peoples issues with perry?	 city-data
Texas GOP wants to ban Homosexuality and Pornography	 city-data
great places to live in Texas- conservative	 city-data
For New People in Texas:  What do you miss most now that you live in Texas	 city-data
Aren't You Glad It's Fall in Texas?	 city-data
Favorite Stretch of Interstate in the US?	 city-data
Why is Philly not considered cool like Chicago/NYC?	 city-data
Where are all the hippies?	 city-data
New 2008 Wealthiest State Rankings	 city-data
Why are Americans so obese ?	 city-data
Row House Cities!	 city-data
What makes American cities better than European cities? What makes European cities better than American cities?	 city-data
City Counterparts	 city-data
Worst Weather	 city-data
If you're thinking about relocating from Long Island to Raleigh, North Carolina...	 city-data
Midwestern Cities	 city-data
Y'ain't from 'round here, R ya?  How can YOU tell whether someone isn't from your area?	 city-data
What makes New England different?	 city-data
East Coast City With Strongest "Midwestern" Vibe?	 city-data
What do Americans think of Canadians and does it vary depending on the region of the US?	 city-data
Midwest vs. Northeast U.S.	 city-data
Detoit or St. Louis?	 city-data
Which Are The Whitest Cities In The U.S With A Population Of Over 100,000 ?	 city-data
Things that matter more on City-Data than they do in real life when it comes to cities	 city-data
Southerners, Grits, Cornbread and Sugar...	 city-data
Is Homophobia Regional?	 city-data
Which city would you like to see get on the hip hop map?	 city-data
Question For White Americans, Where In Europe Do Your Ancestors Come From ?	 city-data
what is your city/region or state's stereotypes?	 city-data
Outside of NYC and Chicago, what is America's most intimidating, exhilarating city?	 city-data
Southern Hospitality	 city-data
The most beautiful women in the nation would be in Florida ?	 city-data
National High Speed Rail	 city-data
Differences between African American accents	 city-data
King of the South food edition!	 city-data
Why do some people like to separate the Northeast and the Mid Atlantic rather than having it as one region?	 city-data
as americans do you think you are superior than people from europe?	 city-data
Affordable big cities with 4 seasons	 city-data
What are America's Global Cities?	 city-data
Are Americans far more insular than Europeans?	 city-data
Why are U.S. public schools closed on Jewish holidays?	 city-data
Most forested cities in USA	 city-data
Confederate Flags in the South	 city-data
Most preppy cities?	 city-data
What states do you consider the "Bible Belt"?	 city-data
Northern states compared to southern states or Canada	 city-data
Southerner vs. Northerner Views of Slavery Today	 city-data
Missouri or Maryland...which is more southern??	 city-data
what is tbhe furthest north you have heard a southern accent?	 city-data
How do you tell apart from different yet similar races	 city-data
How strong is the British influence in the US?	 city-data
If you could move anywhere in NY (not LI) where would you move?	 city-data
Dangerous tree	 city-data
Looking for a good area to move to in New York	 city-data
School districts borrowing against pension fund to pay teachers	 city-data
New York governor, "I plan on keeping NY the most taxed state in the union"	 city-data
Changes in upstate NY	 city-data
Why did Albany developed rowhouses and Syr/Roc/Buff didn't?	 city-data
Kingston, NY in 2014: Artist haven? Good public schools?	 city-data
Salmon Fishing at Pulaski, NY under way now Sept.-Oct.	 city-data
Billions in taxable income migrates out of NY, into other states	 city-data
2017 Ranking of America's Happiest and Most Miserable States, NY #34	 city-data
Any Upstaters who haven't been to NYC?	 city-data
The CDC states New York is #1 in the number of reported cases of Lyme disease in the U.S.	 city-data
Map of NY Factory Farm Locations (CAFO's)	 city-data
Big Surprise for those looking for a property tax cap	 city-data
Road trip to the Hudson Valley in search for a place to call home	 city-data
Some Owego, NY Pictures	 city-data
tourist towns in uny?	 city-data
Help Us Find A Nice Town In Orange County Ny To Finish Raising Our Family.	 city-data
When did NY jump the shark?	 city-data
Catskills. Past and the Present.	 city-data
New York State by Media Market	 city-data
How to drive in Florida, without getting in a accident caused by someone else	 city-data
How is life in the upper Florida Keys these days?	 city-data
Come to Florida!	 city-data
Are you one of the outraged 99%?	 city-data
America: Stop Sending Us Your Old People!	 city-data
Time to revamp Floridas Tax structure	 city-data
4 good reasons to live in Florida	 city-data
Cheapest Homeowner Insurance Florida	 city-data
South Florida wants to be it's own state?	 city-data
Crime data fails to address Hispanic population	 city-data
Young gay male.  Best affordable beach city in Florida to move to?	 city-data
80+ degree temps 6 days in a row	 city-data
How can Florida's public universities be any good if high schools are so terrible here?	 city-data
Florida is Creepy !!!	 city-data
Florida govoner and weather forcasteres screw up, are you mad?	 city-data
What good things can you say about living in Florida, whether you have lived here all your life or are a transplant?	 city-data
Has anyone else been 'pushed out' of Florida?	 city-data
HONESTLY, why all the negativity?	 city-data
Wow!  The weather channel say's it's 96 degrees!	 city-data
If your not a native of Florida......	 city-data
Florida is one of the fastest growing bioscience regions in the world.	 city-data
Time in the sun, think about it	 city-data
How many of us actually live right here in Florida?	 city-data
legalization of medical marijuana in florida?	 city-data
Florida's next decade of job growth	 city-data
Is Florida over crowded?	 city-data
Why doesn't Florida's political culture match its demographics?	 city-data
I would never leave florida, I couldnt imagine going back to...	 city-data
What do you think of Lompoc California?	 city-data
What's the big deal about celebrities in California?	 city-data
California Made A Big Mistake	 city-data
Seeking Seattle like warm city to live in.	 city-data
Differences between Californians and Washingtonians?	 city-data
Any Californians hate the rainless summers?	 city-data
Los Angeles vs San Francisco vs San Diego vs Sacramento vs Fresno	 city-data
California has about one year of water left. Will you ration now?	 city-data
The problem with living here is the negative, rude, impatient, angry people!	 city-data
California Schools Receive a C-minus 10th from the bottom	 city-data
California's Economic Growth VS. the US and the World	 city-data
California's political prisoners....	 city-data
Why isnt Santa Barbara more populated?	 city-data
How many Californians cannot survive without a cell phone?	 city-data
California 6 states? Plan to split California into 6 states gains traction	 city-data
Californians need to STOP mexo's	 city-data
For those of you who moved out of California -	 city-data
California leads country in job growth.	 city-data
Help me find a California town that is a good match!!	 city-data
Sunny, Liberal, Cheap(ish) Place to Live	 city-data
California Economy - When will it turn around?	 city-data
Are you Californians okay with "gender diversity" being taught?	 city-data
Predominantly white area that is inexpensive?	 city-data
driving in California/California drivers, the end of a myth : a French driver's experience	 city-data
The future of Mexican Americans in California.	 city-data
Governor proposes $75 vehicle registration increase	 city-data
Is california Hostile towards outsiders?	 city-data
Confirmed! H&M will be open in Texas in mid 2011	 city-data
The 5 states of Texas	 city-data
How Do You Pronounce the Following -- Texas and Bowie?	 city-data
Perry or Hutchinson	 city-data
Texas Chili	 city-data
Which is the worst, tornado or hurricane?	 city-data
Amarillo /Midland-Odessa /Abilene	 city-data
As Texas Goes…	 city-data
Texans:  What is Your Opinion of Gov. Perry?	 city-data
Poll: How Do You Feel About "Stand Your Ground" Laws?	 city-data
Rural Texas is a living NIGHTMARE - snakes and spiders!	 city-data
Houston Suburbs vs DFW Suburbs	 city-data
Killeen	 city-data
Who has the best strip club scene in Texas?	 city-data
What can you tell me about Pharr TX?	 city-data
Safe Mexican Border Towns to visit?	 city-data
texas senate passes open carry	 city-data
So how long before Texas becomes California?	 city-data
State senator wants to outlaw plastic grocery bags in Texas	 city-data
Moving to Rio Grande Valley	 city-data
Why do people move to Texas and then want to complain about everything Texas?	 city-data
Dallas Cowboys Booed On Stage At 2012 NFL Draft In NYC	 city-data
Texan republican leadership would rather forfeit 11 billion in education funding than	 city-data
There's lot of Southern threads so let's talk about Northern!	 city-data
The most ignored big cities	 city-data
America's NEXT 10 Cities (Year 2000-2100 AD)	 city-data
Neighboring states that dislike each other	 city-data
Where is your dream place to live in the United States of America?	 city-data
What US cities / towns do you notice people get the most defensive about?	 city-data
When do you believe ALL the southern states will remove their bans on gay marriage?	 city-data
The South remains Americas fattest Region	 city-data
New study shows younger generations are driving less.	 city-data
Which State Has the Best Beaches?	 city-data
What celebrity encounters have you experienced where you live?	 city-data
Why are Texas and California the only important states?	 city-data
Are you Proud to be an American !	 city-data
Your three favorite states	 city-data
Which cities/areas of the South do you the most Confederate flags and "Dixie Pride"	 city-data
Will the Mid West population migrate to the coasts?	 city-data
The Ten U.S Cities Set To See Their Populations Boom	 city-data
What U.S. City Has The Best-Looking Men?	 city-data
Would you live in a gated community?	 city-data
Is Upstate NY more like Pennsylvania or New England?	 city-data
City Word Association	 city-data
Census Points to End of Sun Belt Boom (USA Today)	 city-data
Most dangerous city in the midwest	 city-data
Forbes:Americas 30 most visited cities!	 city-data
Palm trees or snow	 city-data
Fastest growing downtowns	 city-data
What is the most diverse and integrated major U.S. city?	 city-data
If you Could match a city with a song, what would the song be?	 city-data
States With the Tallest (and Shortest) Residents	 city-data
Most visited US cities this summer	 city-data
Westernmost and Southernmost "Southern" Cities	 city-data
Southern California or Southern Florida?	 city-data
Cities with the best skyline for their size	 city-data
Why don't your country use meter system?	 city-data
The most spread-out major city in the US.	 city-data
Which state in the Midwest is your favorite?	 city-data
TOP 5 climates in the U.S	 city-data
Do you have a problem with CALIFORNIANS moving into your area?	 city-data
Cities similar to Kansas City	 city-data
Sun Belt population growth slows down	 city-data
worst states for liberals	 city-data
Regional chains?	 city-data
Guess the skyline	 city-data
Baltimore, DC, New York and Boston seem to rule the I-95 corridor... Does anyone care about Philadelphia anymore?	 city-data
Asians with southern accent	 city-data
The Most VISUALLY Boring City You've Seen....	 city-data
Agree or Disagree:  The South has defined the culture of the US	 city-data
The problem with being "Fiscal Conservative and Social Liberal"	 city-data
And so it begins...Little Miss Hispanic Delaware is not "Hispanic" enough to keep her crown	 city-data
The March for Life Banners the Media Won’t Show You	 city-data
Obama To Seek Congress' Authorization For Use Of Force in Syria	 city-data
The world's hypocrisy in the Middle East	 city-data
Mandating that a woman see the ultra-sound before abortion	 city-data
Palin says nation should rededicate itself to God	 city-data
Face it... The Republican Party doesn't care about you...	 city-data
"I don't support gay marriage"	 city-data
Younger generations see Israel differently.	 city-data
Public Responses to Arizona shooting: New Bills, Comments	 city-data
Memories Pizza Indiana - Two Things You Should Know	 city-data
Another Union Victory: Hostess says liquidation possible as labor fight continues	 city-data
Do you consider Canada less "free"?	 city-data
Embarrassed to be an American today...	 city-data
Harriet Tubman will officially be on the 20 dollar bill	 city-data
Why is the theory of evolution so controversial??	 city-data
News flash - Are we really about to normalize relations with Cuba?!?!	 city-data
Lack of Logic in Abortion Debates	 city-data
Why doesn't the United States have Universal Health Care??	 city-data
How To Explain Gay Rights To An Idiot	 city-data
JCPenney unveils Father's Day Ad featuring two gay fathers	 city-data
White family attacked by black teens-not a hate crime says cops..	 city-data
Smoking in the car - with children	 city-data
Stand up for the Public Option!	 city-data
Local Officials say terroristes kills 30+ French pedestrians	 city-data
Libertarians/Progressives Beware Of Potential Supreme Court Nominee: Elana Kagan	 city-data
Your position on gay rights	 city-data
Court: Obama Must Be ‘Constitutionally’ Eligible. Judge Denies President's Motion To Dismiss Georgia Ballot Challenge	 city-data
New Miss USA :"evolution should be taught in public schools."	 city-data
Property Taxes Are Wrong	 city-data
Global Warming News - You Knew It Was Coming	 city-data
40 Years From Now Adults Will Marry Children	 city-data
Guns don't kill people. Gunnut owners kill people.	 city-data
Obama "NO pictures will be released!	 city-data
The assumption that I have to support "gay rights" because I'm in my 20's	 city-data
Will the new Congress authorize another unemployment extension?	 city-data
>>> BREAKING: ObamaCare EXTREMELY Popular... 2 Million Applications in 2 Hours at One State Exchange	 city-data
Should we make it harder for the working poor to get FOOD STAMPS?	 city-data
Europe "baffled" by US Supreme Court ruling on healthcare	 city-data
News Video, Geraldo Rivera On 911 Truthers - "The Most Obnoxious Protesters In Recent Years Are Right!!	 city-data
Man beheads woman after workplace dispute in Oklahoma	 city-data
Ann Coulter says soccer is un-American and not a real 'sport'	 city-data
Fast food workers strike, demand $15 an hour LOL	 city-data
Califonia OK's Gay Marriage	 city-data
Universal Health Plan in America: The good, the Bad, your Opinions	 city-data
Black Democrats Switching to the Republican Party	 city-data
CNN Poll: 57 Percent Say Confederate Flag Not Racist	 city-data
What is the reasoning behind gay marriage?	 city-data
Socialism for the Uninformed	 city-data
Is White Flight Right?	 city-data
Zimmerman Stuns Court, Waives Right to 'Stand Your Ground' Hearing in Trayvon Martin Case	 city-data
Global warming current events and news...i'm now convinced global warming is for real	 city-data
Climate Change...... LOL	 city-data
Ruh roh!  Defense keeping powder dry on Trayvon's character	 city-data
What is 'the homosexual lifestyle'	 city-data
what do you think would happen if we "redistributed" wealth?	 city-data
Heh, heh, Sandwich Shop Employees Protest for Higher Wages...Get Fired	 city-data
Rand Paul Supporter Stomps on Women's Head	 city-data
What is the future of race relations?	 city-data
Raising a family on minimum wage?	 city-data
REP Joe Wilson (R) S.C. may have awoken a sleeping giant...	 city-data
Octuplets mother has 6 other children!	 city-data
Why wasn't the Supreme Court's gun decision a 9-0 sweep?	 city-data
From Elite Excellence to Mediocre Sameness: How Progressives Are Dumbing Down American Schools	 city-data
What would happen if we scrapped the income tax brackets and replaced it with a flat 15.3% income tax	 city-data
Big retail stores plans to stay open on Thanksgiving for new "Black Friday"... Employees against it!	 city-data
When Did it Become Okay to Start Hating the Obese?	 city-data
Gay marriage and how it affects society---	 city-data
Is It Fair For People On Food Stamps To Buy Prime Rib And Lobster While Working Families Barely Survive?	 city-data
Could New York eliminate collective bargaining next	 city-data
Washingtonville schools ?	 city-data
CT to Buffalo/Rochester/Syracuse/Utica/Albany?	 city-data
Pa or NYS?	 city-data
I need positive reinforcement please	 city-data
My take on Beacon, NY	 city-data
Speeding ticket: Sullivan County	 city-data
NY has the most segregated schools in the US	 city-data
Driving in winter around Ithaca??	 city-data
Wind Turbines	 city-data
Raising kids in Ithaca?	 city-data
The Final Decision	 city-data
New Hartford NY area apartments	 city-data
New Upstate NY school rankings	 city-data
Question about New City club in late 60's/early 70's	 city-data
The latest scoop on Binghamton nY	 city-data
When is the Real Estate "plunge" happening?	 city-data
Moving from NYC to Orange or Rockland County	 city-data
Happy Holidays my fellow NY'ers	 city-data
Moving from Brooklyn. Jewish communities upstate?	 city-data
A former Ohioans perception of moving to Florida.	 city-data
10 Reasons why Florida is the absolute BEST	 city-data
Diary of a Snow Shoveler	 city-data
"Do you think Florida should once again have a law making helmets mandatory for bikers?"	 city-data
First cold front	 city-data
In NC this week, still haunted by FL drivers.	 city-data
Are FL wages really lower than the rest of the U.S.	 city-data
The U.S. is catching on. Florida is the place to be!	 city-data
Why is crime decreasing so drastically in FL?	 city-data
Is Insurance in FL really crazy?	 city-data
Is it REALLY worth it?	 city-data
Has Florida gone mad?	 city-data
Floridas  Casey Anthony Trial :  What will the verdict be ?	 city-data
Poll:  gas prices	 city-data
Florida's issues	 city-data
And Now an Alligator Drags a Kid Away at Disney	 city-data
Tuesday, financial analyists on TV said...	 city-data
COL lower in FL? This article says no...	 city-data
Florida far better then I thought	 city-data
In shift, Florida woos Amazon’s low-wage warehouse jobs	 city-data
Positives About Florida !!!	 city-data
Stand your ground law	 city-data
Sea rise threatens Florida coast, no statewide plan to deal with it	 city-data
What Do Flordians Do in the Summer?	 city-data
Why is Florida so anti country	 city-data
Why are so many Floridians unhappy?	 city-data
Why do I want to live in Florida?	 city-data
Port St. Lucie or Sarasota???	 city-data
My thoughts about florida. People looking to relocate READ	 city-data
Two Californias	 city-data
Buy from national chain store or shop local.	 city-data
California: Officially the worst-run state in the U.S.	 city-data
Why are you moving out of Southern California?	 city-data
Forever 21 in SLO to bounce out after 2 yrs? Macy's in?	 city-data
Do Californians really think they are like the coolest, fittest, trendiest, most tolerant, amazing ppl in the country?	 city-data
Where's the best climate in California?	 city-data
Cali ExPats - Where are you living?	 city-data
What does it mean to be a Californian?	 city-data
Leaving CA because of high taxes? -- here's who will take your place	 city-data
California is:	 city-data
Gun Insurance To Be Required?	 city-data
Jerry Brown: Taxes Need to Be Raised, Services Cut, Belts Tightened	 city-data
Should California's expensive regions consider increasing the minimum wage to $15.00/hour?	 city-data
CA's prison guard union just got a little richer thanks to Jerry Brown.	 city-data
Do the Hispanics in CA like the Whites?	 city-data
Merge the MSA of SF and SJ?	 city-data
When/How did California become a liberal democratic state?	 city-data
Is it normal to have fallen in love with California?	 city-data
Will Never Afford a CA Home - Will Never Leave CA?	 city-data
Why is the Bay Area so Liberal?	 city-data
Why California's economy will bounce back and continue to lead.	 city-data
Would you recommend Bakersfield for a recent college grad?	 city-data
California's population growth to slow in coming decades	 city-data
1 and 6 Americans are Hispanic	 city-data
Would you support banning Baggy Pants in CA Schools; Florida bill has passed their state senate	 city-data
Cities with cool and worst names?	 city-data
Thangs I Learnt In Texas:	 city-data
Oh, man, 99 degrees in MAY?!	 city-data
Infrastructure - Austin vs. Houston vs. Dallas vs. San Antonio	 city-data
Confederate symbols in Texas	 city-data
What is the most "californian" city in Texas ?	 city-data
these snakes are scaring me!!!!!!	 city-data
FAVORITE town in East Texas?	 city-data
Most "caucasian" areas of Texas?	 city-data
Is there anyone that has an opinion of Abilene?	 city-data
2012 Election Results of Major Texas Counties	 city-data
Best and Worst Movies About Texans/Texas	 city-data
Abilene	 city-data
Are you considering Waco? Don't.	 city-data
Best city/town in TX for single woman	 city-data
LGBT equality rankings for Texas cities	 city-data
Transferring To Another TX High School To Make It Into UT/Texas A&M	 city-data
Waco-Baylor University: What is Waco really like?	 city-data
East Texas Fall Colors	 city-data
Winter 2014-2015 in Texas predictions	 city-data
Another Texas tradition dying out	 city-data
walking-away	 city-data
Why are property taxes so high in Florida?	 city-data
Offshore Drilling	 city-data
Is auto insurance in Fla. universally high?	 city-data
Why was Florida built?	 city-data
State Farm to drop 50,000 coastal homeowners policies in state	 city-data
Pitbulls in florida	 city-data
Key West...good place to live?	 city-data
Police in Florida?	 city-data
Welcome all northern transplants!	 city-data
Wages vs. Cost of Housing	 city-data
House was broken into this morning.	 city-data
My left lane lament.........	 city-data
Best Florida City	 city-data
Should Florida be separated into two states?	 city-data
What do NATIVE Floridian's think of Florida?	 city-data
Another Positive only thread !!	 city-data
Bear Hunting in Florida	 city-data
North Florida vs. South Florida	 city-data
Rain does not equal hazard lights!	 city-data
Just for all my friends in Florida !!!	 city-data
What was Pre-Disney Florida like?	 city-data
No HOA's or Deed Restrictions	 city-data
Anyonr remember Morrison's Buffet from Florida years ago?	 city-data
are you in favor of oil drilling in florida?	 city-data
Who is/will replace those people leaving Florida?	 city-data
One benefit of Florida life.....	 city-data
Weather denial	 city-data
Almost 2 months in Palm Coast...	 city-data
We want to move but have 2 options and need info!	 city-data
Help us decide where in NY is the safest, nicest, least expensive, best place to live from this list or any other place	 city-data
Obama care accept'd app & no premium notice	 city-data
Moving to Utica area - need advice	 city-data
Can I afford to buy in Orange County? (Disillusioned and frustrated)	 city-data
how is batavia ny	 city-data
TAX INCREASE ON CIGARETTES STARTS TOMORROW > 6 bucks a pack!!! What do you all think?????	 city-data
Orange County, CA to Corning area; how much of a culture shock?	 city-data
Water hardness and softeners	 city-data
Upstate	 city-data
What are other NY cities like Ithaca?	 city-data
Ways To Start A NY State Turnaround	 city-data
Move out of Cortland, but where to?	 city-data
During a Depression, where would you rather live, Downstate or Upstate suburbs?	 city-data
What's it like living in Plattsburgh?  Oswego County?	 city-data
Moving to Poughkeepsie area...	 city-data
Anyone Live in Moncello ny Might move down there...	 city-data
States broken up into 'twins'	 city-data
How far east/west does the Rust Belt extend?	 city-data
Worst highways in the USA	 city-data
Accents in all states	 city-data
Show us your favorite neighborhoods where you live on Google street view	 city-data
City Population -v- Metro Population?	 city-data
United States Counties map	 city-data
What major US cities do you NOT need a car (excluding NYC)?	 city-data
The 50 States: Word Association- First thing that comes to mind?	 city-data
How different are the Great Plains from the Great Lakes states in the Midwest	 city-data
What's wrong with being a Yankee?	 city-data
Define the BosWash corridor. (to what extent is it's reach?)	 city-data
Is summer over where you live?	 city-data
17 cities ranked for number of days that go <32F or >90F	 city-data
Does your neighborhood have block parties?	 city-data
If it is bigger and closer than Boston, why isn't Philly NYC's rival?	 city-data
Midwest Mentality	 city-data
2014 map of murder rates by state	 city-data
The Great Migration of Sweet Tea	 city-data
Mountains of America, a map	 city-data
Capital of Hispanic/Latino America. (In the U.S. of course)	 city-data
Cities in your State that get overlooked nationally?	 city-data
Liberal or Conservative City: Why?	 city-data
Alabama, South Carolina, Louisiana, Kentucky, Oklahoma	 city-data
do Americans look different from Brits or Australians?	 city-data
Scenic Areas on East Coast/Midwest?	 city-data
Which Part of the US is more Lush Green?	 city-data
Worst stereotype about your city?	 city-data
Is it really fair to call Virginia a Northeastern State?	 city-data
The US is still the #1 country in the world for everything.	 city-data
Should a Mosque be allowed to be built near "Ground ZERO"(NYC)?	 city-data
What will the USA look like in the year 2040?	 city-data
What are America's most iconic and important cities?	 city-data
USA states w/ snowfall	 city-data
Which american accent do you have?	 city-data
Negativity Toward California And Texas	 city-data
Most and least transplant saturated metros of the South	 city-data
What does the rest of the US think of Portland Oregon?	 city-data
Americans: What do you think of Canada?	 city-data
Stereotypical images of a state that don't apply to MOST of the state	 city-data
What states do you consider Southwestern?	 city-data
Which city is considered as the NYC of the South?	 city-data
I think timezone boundaries should be redrawn....	 city-data
Pretentious Cities and Unpretentious Cities	 city-data
If you were very rich, where will your primary and secondary home be? (Only in USA)	 city-data
Post Google Street View links to images that do NOT fit your state stereotype	 city-data
midwestern sayings	 city-data
Hispanic Population Moving Away People	 city-data
Why are so many Californians moving to other States?	 city-data
California is alot like Texas like many ways.	 city-data
Could Texas Have More People than CA?	 city-data
Is California the welfare capital?	 city-data
So where in California is the best place for  Christian Conservative?	 city-data
More on California Wild Fire Season 2016	 city-data
Two reasons why SoCal is better than NoCal...	 city-data
Please, stop calling it Cali	 city-data
Do any liberals dislike California?	 city-data
Disneyland ticket prices to increase again	 city-data
Do native Californians....	 city-data
What is the worst place to live in California?	 city-data
Only 17% of California homes affordable to teachers	 city-data
California or Florida?????	 city-data
did you vote for proposition 2? HOW DO YOU LIKE YOUR EGG PRICES NOW??	 city-data
I have a question for all Californians about the society in California	 city-data
So Cal people = rude & inconsiderate	 city-data
A saint for California?	 city-data
San Francisco VS Los Angeles	 city-data
Do californians like Jerry Brown	 city-data
Best Place to Live in CA?	 city-data
"We are here to take your Television Set."	 city-data
How can Santa Maria change to be a wealthier city?	 city-data
Has Calif Lost its Charm? Seeking comments	 city-data
Death penalty in California ruled unconstitutional.	 city-data
Texas Big Three Food Poll: SLAPDOWN! Which One?	 city-data
Are The Bugs Really That Bad???	 city-data
Weather Watch for all City's In Texas	 city-data
Dallas vs. Houston vs. Austin vs. San Antonio	 city-data
Why Cant West Texas Grow?	 city-data
Why Texas Has So High Crime Rates ??	 city-data
To Frito Pie and Hot Dr. Pepper...	 city-data
Rick Perry on America's Worst Governors List	 city-data
Best Texas city?	 city-data
Which predicted to boom more: Dallas or Houston?	 city-data
What do you hate the most: The Texas property taxes or the toll roads?	 city-data
Explain Texas Hot? (weather)	 city-data
Anglo-Mexican relations	 city-data
What is a Texas summer like??	 city-data
Texas Education Anyone?	 city-data
Is Texas the only state not affected by the economy?	 city-data
Midland Developments	 city-data
Which Nice Conservative Texas Town?	 city-data
Entry Level Oil Jobs TX.	 city-data
Gov. Perry - Pro-Texas ads in other states	 city-data
Texas Drought 2011	 city-data
How far west into Texas does the southern accent extend?	 city-data
So Amarillo Aint Really Texas Huh?	 city-data
Property taxes: how do you cope?	 city-data
Another flag controversy	 city-data
Is a blue Texas inevitable?	 city-data
POLL - Should Obama's Green Czar, Van Jones, Be Fired?	 city-data
Trump Says Flag Burners Should Lose Citizenship or Spend a Year in Jail	 city-data
Homosexuals indoctrinating our children	 city-data
THIS is why you should READ THE BILL.. the LIES out there are INSANE!!  Breakdown by lie & Line with TRUTH!	 city-data
9th Circus Court to rule on Calif Prop 8 - changing defn of marriage to include same-sex	 city-data
NEWS, gunman shooting at PP clinic, offer shot	 city-data
Firefighters stand by and refuse to put out a house fire	 city-data
Why do hispanics and cubans dislike black people ?	 city-data
Should Marijuana Be Legalized Or Not?	 city-data
Should the South secede from the Union?	 city-data
Why are Obama's records sealed?	 city-data
Lucas Smith Affidavit now filed with the US District Court - Obama Kenyan BC	 city-data
Caribbean blacks offended by African American anti-white racism	 city-data
Boomers are something else...	 city-data
Producers Of A&E Duck Dynasty Will Be In A Twist; More GLAAD Outrage To Follow	 city-data
proof of bombs in 9/11!	 city-data
*****State of the Union Address 2010*****	 city-data
Curt Schilling: Another victim of the politically correct thought police	 city-data
2nd amendment	 city-data
Asian Americans are #1 on the SAT |Why are they superior to the white americans (education, income, success) ?	 city-data
No credit check for job applicants	 city-data
Fly flags upside down	 city-data
If you can't hit the home invader with the first 10 bullets	 city-data
John Lewis: ‘I Don’t See Trump as a Legitimate President’	 city-data
Should we ramp up our efforts on the drug war?	 city-data
It is MERRY CHRISTMAS...NOT Happy Holidays	 city-data
Seriously, why did you vote for Trump?	 city-data
Tis the Season: Killing Christmas 2012	 city-data
Richest 1 percent will own more wealth than the rest by next year	 city-data
Rick Perry Says Human Rights for Gays ‘Not in America’s Interests’ and 'Not Worth A Dime'	 city-data
Should Glen Beck be taken off the air?	 city-data
Are you scared of black men??	 city-data
Why are white people the only ones accused of being racist?	 city-data
Healthcare.gov is Toast	 city-data
Tee hee, abortion is all about me!	 city-data
What do you do for a living--How Rude!!	 city-data
Benghazi Committee Ends	 city-data
Are gun owners really tougher, braver, and more masculine than non-gun owners?	 city-data
13 Million Young Americans Uninsured	 city-data
Abstinence-only is a plan for those who wish to deny reality.	 city-data
Bruce Springsteen cancels NC concert over anti-bias law	 city-data
Gang rape outside school dance - should bystanders be punished	 city-data
Why doesn't President Obama acknowledge that he's half-white or multiracial?	 city-data
Medicare only insures the OLD and the disabled.  What would happen if they insured young healthy people?	 city-data
Would you date a woman who turned out to be a feminist?	 city-data
African Americans are oppressed.  Why is this so hard to understand by the right?	 city-data
Stage set on National Mall for Stewart, Colbert "Rally to Restore Sanity and/or Fear"	 city-data
Gay indoctrination (on 5 yr. olds) Kindergarten	 city-data
Will Germany become a muslim country?	 city-data
Edward Snowden: Villian to liberals, hero to conservatives...	 city-data
New documentary - abortion in USA...	 city-data
In US, Blacks consistently more supportive of interracial marriage than whites (gallup)	 city-data
Vigilante shoots robbers breaking into his neighbors home....	 city-data
Climate Deniers, I Want An Explanation	 city-data
Men Going Their Own Way (MGTOW) so many people don't get it	 city-data
PALIN PALIN PALIN (all things Palin thread)	 city-data
Obama to announce free 2 year community college education for all	 city-data
For those who think socialism is so horrible...	 city-data
Diaper crisis among poor families endangers children, study finds	 city-data
Anti-Bullying Speaker Curses/Mocks Christian Teens at National Event	 city-data
George W. Bush: 7 minutes; Barack Obama: 72 hours	 city-data
Why do you republicans hate unions	 city-data
Concerning September 11 - Found This Interesting	 city-data
Comey to Testify In Front of Congress and HOC	 city-data
Judge: Abortionists Must Tell Women Abortion Terminates a Human Life	 city-data
Obamacare and the GOP, will it be gone after this week? Supreme court will rule.	 city-data
SCOTUS Upholds ACA Subsidies	 city-data
Iran nuclear deal a 'bad mistake' for the world: Israel PM Netanyahu	 city-data
7.5 trillion dollars spent on welfare. What do we have to show for it?	 city-data
What's with all the haters?	 city-data
Florida is NOT all about the weather	 city-data
Famous Floridians	 city-data
Florida welfare results of scums drug testing.	 city-data
Does Floridians really hate Northerners?	 city-data
Should I give up on a house here ?	 city-data
What makes Florida just so dang cool?	 city-data
Any Wisconsin people moving to Florida soon?	 city-data
Best city for IT in FL?	 city-data
FL Employement Laws are Ridiculous	 city-data
Rudeness and obliviousness at Walmart?	 city-data
Crist pulls a 360 degree flip-flop on offshore drilling	 city-data
Florida Living: 20 years of perspective	 city-data
Impact on Central Florida of default by Puerto Rico	 city-data
Is $8 an hour the most you can earn in Florida?	 city-data
Hammock Bay, Freeport Fl	 city-data
Renting (By Choice) for the Long Haul?	 city-data
Why it is so hot in Florida	 city-data
Some of you  folks frieghten me...	 city-data
To Buy, Or Keep Renting?	 city-data
10 worst places in florida to live	 city-data
How bad are the drivers where you reside?	 city-data
What do you love about living in Florida?	 city-data
IYO, what would be the absolute worst town to live in - in Florida	 city-data
Advice for Florida haters	 city-data
Protest for gay rights tomorrow - all across texas - find your local one here	 city-data
What Texas City has the Largest bus fleet?	 city-data
Fat Ho Burgers in Waco......What do you think of the name?	 city-data
Please tell me a September like this is uncommon!	 city-data
How is Texas becoming like California?	 city-data
Future Interstates...maybe?	 city-data
Final Poll for State Table Fare	 city-data
What Is Your Favorite Texas Landmark?	 city-data
My impressions of Dallas, then Houston?	 city-data
Texas cost of living	 city-data
Why is Texas thought of as desert?	 city-data
What do you LIKE about living in Texas	 city-data
Info about Harlingen, Mcallen and Brownsville, nurse worried to work there.	 city-data
Alpine/Marathon Texas	 city-data
how do you move from nyc to odessa/midland?	 city-data
How Hot is it?(An ode to Texas, and the daily 100 degree plus heat)	 city-data
401 children	 city-data
Is Texas ready for an exodus of 3 million displaced Michigan workers? be honest!	 city-data
Rio Grande Valley fishing	 city-data
14 Things Non-Texans Don't Understand	 city-data
To my fellow City-data brothers and sisters, Do you have any yankee blood???	 city-data
TX Monthly BBQ feature	 city-data
Austin, Dallas, Or Houston	 city-data
What are your favorite Texas universities?	 city-data
How many people become "TEXANS"	 city-data
Poll -- Do You Have a Texas Accent?	 city-data
Poll:  Smoking laws in Texas	 city-data
Best Area for Medical Cannabis?	 city-data
So is minimum wage salaries for California public employees the answer?	 city-data
Prop. 30: Unions, "Advocates" Demand Higher Taxes, Permanent Increase	 city-data
Pot tax would bring california $1.4 billion in revenue.	 city-data
Mexico Against Prop 19	 city-data
Why do Californians have a tendency of getting mad if you say anything negative about California?	 city-data
Is over-population the cause of California's woes?	 city-data
More Jobs Leaving CA- Campbell's and Comcast	 city-data
Something that bugs me about Prop 56 (Tobacco/E-cigarette tax)	 city-data
Is Sacramento the most overpriced city in the state?	 city-data
California Drought Myths	 city-data
Time Magazine thought California was done in the 70s & again in the 90s	 city-data
California light map.	 city-data
California poised to ban plastic bags	 city-data
Mandatory kindergarten on the way?	 city-data
Why is California so worshipped by people?	 city-data
Thinking of moving to the North Coast? Read this first!	 city-data
Eureka/Arcata?	 city-data
Why do you want to stay in California?	 city-data
Why are there no good ice creams in Calif?	 city-data
Whats with all the discouragement?	 city-data
You can't home school your kids in CA without credentials now?	 city-data
California's Catholic place names	 city-data
Low-wage workers in Long Beach and San Jose turning to voters for pay raises	 city-data
Whitman & Fiorina Falling in the Polls	 city-data
Curious about rural life in Western New York	 city-data
Cold Spring culture?	 city-data
relocating to Ithaca	 city-data
Tappan Zee Bridge Tolls ????	 city-data
Watertown on the refugee resettlement radar?	 city-data
Do the police contribute to road rage in New York?	 city-data
Brewster NY	 city-data
Why are there no passenger flights out of Griffiss International Airport?	 city-data
Is there a suburban school district in NY that does or can do this?	 city-data
Please HELP. Looking to move "somewhere that's green" but still an easy commute to NYC.	 city-data
Which state is better, NY or PA?	 city-data
Income needed for an upstate family to be considered middle class	 city-data
Welcome to ny "bump bump bump"	 city-data
HELP!!! relocating from Tn to Pa or NY state.	 city-data
Getting out of Army- Going back to NY.. Need a family place	 city-data
What is the allure of middle america?	 city-data
Differences between African Americans in Maryland and Louisana	 city-data
What do you consider "the middle of no where"?	 city-data
What is your definition of the US North or South?	 city-data
If you don't like where you currently live, why? And where would you move if you could?	 city-data
On a roadtrip: How will you know when you're in the south?	 city-data
Perceptions of Texas from non-Texans	 city-data
Cities Without An Interstate Running Through	 city-data
What do you think of, when you think of Pennsylvania?	 city-data
Which is more southern.....Missouri or Oklahoma	 city-data
Which states do you think are most boring to drive across?	 city-data
Who are WASPS (White Anglo-Saxon Protestants) in the US (officially and unofficially)?	 city-data
Next hot spot?	 city-data
What states would you consider "Southeastern"?	 city-data
Housing Styles In Your Town	 city-data
If you won 50 mil, what state would you move to?	 city-data
Cities with worst police forces	 city-data
Looking for a job? Go to TEXAS	 city-data
Is there a city with no hipsters?	 city-data
What do you think are really the Top Ten Most Dangerous cities?	 city-data
Do certain ethnic groups make a place more Southern/Northeasern, etc?	 city-data
Population Projections of US Metro Areas thru 2025	 city-data
Which cities have their own accent?	 city-data
most dangerous cities in the south.	 city-data
Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama...	 city-data
The United States according to Europeans.	 city-data
Funny street names in your town.	 city-data
Most dangerous cities on the West Coast	 city-data
Why all the hate at L.A?	 city-data
Which state flag is your favorite?	 city-data
"Affordable" and "cool" millennial places are still too expensive	 city-data
Which are the best State Capitals?	 city-data
The most crime-ridden states in America	 city-data
What is the Southeast?	 city-data
Do you ever feel like you were born in the wrong place?	 city-data
Which major US city do you think is the most diverse?	 city-data
News, Dog attacks push cities to look at pit bull bans.	 city-data
Is Wegmans the best supermarket in the country?	 city-data
City biggest on baseball?	 city-data
9/11-Where were you when the world stop turning?	 city-data
Why do people want so badly to move to southern cities?	 city-data
Possible move to the south and I'm nervous	 city-data
US cities with original,rare and unique names	 city-data
Why do some People still Stereotype the South?	 city-data
State Capital with worst location?	 city-data
Midwestern cities that are not "Rustbelt"	 city-data
Diary of a Northerner Living In Florida	 city-data
Charlie Crist keeps hurricances away from Florida--through prayer	 city-data
Why do people say South FL is expensive? Seems cheap.	 city-data
Cuban Migrants Flow in to South Florida at All Time High in 10 years !!!!!!	 city-data
Moving to florida? Here are the creatures you may have to live with.	 city-data
Today, when you say Floridian, what comes to mind?	 city-data
Florida is EXPENSIVE!	 city-data
Best place to live in Florida that won't get developed or too crowded	 city-data
Welcome to Florida - "Time" Magazine	 city-data
Vote for FLA governer?	 city-data
Las Vegas Style Casino's	 city-data
Life tips for Florida?	 city-data
Spiders In Florida???? Please No pics!	 city-data
Florida "Stand Your Ground" Law In Action Road Rage Incident	 city-data
Advantages/Disadvantages of Living in Florida? Is it really that bad?	 city-data
3 Years In Palm Coast	 city-data
Florida Residents: If you had the money, where would you move to?	 city-data
Homeowner's/auto ins and utilities - how much?	 city-data
Most Unattractive Downtown In Florida???	 city-data
19 million and counting - Florida growth in past year	 city-data
Why is Florida so Ecologically Backward?	 city-data
Florida's Seasons (or breaking Florida myths part 1)	 city-data
Any good new about homes sold?	 city-data
What do conservatives think of the bicycle as a mode of transportation?	 city-data
The feminization of the American male?	 city-data
Trump makes up another terrorist attack.	 city-data
Being Reported By Fox News That Barack Obama Has Spent $200,000.00 To Keep His Harvard Transcripts From Being Released	 city-data
Rand Paul filibustering Brennan's nomination as CIA Director	 city-data
Growth of Anti-Government Militias	 city-data
Obama letting Iran have nukes...maybe Rudy was right	 city-data
40% Of All Births Are Paid For By Medicaid - DISGUSTING!	 city-data
Mixed Race African Americans have it soo much easier..	 city-data
Anyone else tired of the "Let's all have a gun!" culture?	 city-data
I'm just asking a question: White folks-Do you even care?	 city-data
Dem led "russian hack" story appears to be more fake news	 city-data
Pro-Gay Video Has Kissing Kids and Christian Slamming	 city-data
State of Texas Denies Driver's License to Woman Because She's Gay	 city-data
20% of people in the US dont speak English	 city-data
Yes, Chick-fil-A Says, We Explicitly Do Not Like Same-Sex Couples	 city-data
Merry Christmas!  vs.  Happy Holidays!	 city-data
I hope all the people who bash the unemployed lose their jobs	 city-data
The war on "Christmas"	 city-data
What NEW gun laws would stop shootings?	 city-data
Al Sharpton is NOT the voice of black america	 city-data
Liberals, about this odd fight against having to show an ID to vote....	 city-data
What other (white) president has ever been subjected to the nonsense of a birther bill?	 city-data
CIA Waterboarded Zubaydah 183 Times in One Month	 city-data
$250K not wealthy in America???????? Gimme a...	 city-data
Taxing the Wealthy	 city-data
When White America is Dead?	 city-data
CALIFORNIA: Secessionists Formally Launch Quest for Independence	 city-data
Is 'tolerance' only a one way street?	 city-data
Hurricane Sandy is a set up?	 city-data
Why do poor people have so many kids?	 city-data
Why Do Christians Oppose Gay Marriage?	 city-data
Medical INDUSTRY does NOT want to Heal & Cure	 city-data
Michelle Obama to travel to Spain	 city-data
Your views on feminism	 city-data
Three Baton Rouge Cops Shot And Killed	 city-data
Why should the wealthy pay more in taxes?	 city-data
Leftists and their love of evolution	 city-data
It is time to decentralize American and return States rights	 city-data
Trump Provokes China; Calls President of Taiwan	 city-data
Oregon: "Pay it Forward" plan	 city-data
Why are Americans such idiots when it comes to healthcare	 city-data
Sheriff Arpaio  About To Change America's Political Landscape Forever	 city-data
Governor Says Texans May Want to Secede From Union	 city-data
Almost 100% of Americans Support Gay Marriage if I Believed the Media	 city-data
Isn't it about time to tax the rich at a higher rate?	 city-data
Andrew Breitbart dead at 43	 city-data
I don't understand "climate change" fanatics/liberals.....	 city-data
"Whites Commit Crimes, but Black Males are Crimminals."	 city-data
So who's up for forcing women of today to hear the heartbeat of their rapist's unborn child before getting an abortion?	 city-data
Violence Against Women Act finally passes.	 city-data
Wedding Photgraphers Can't Refuse Gay Weddings	 city-data
Would You Sign Up For Obamacare?	 city-data
Zimmerman juror says he got away with murder	 city-data
Arkansas passes law allowing rapists to sue victims who want an abortion	 city-data
Texas law acquits man of murder of prostitute	 city-data
In Violation of Constitution, Obama Issues Order on Gun Sales	 city-data
Occupy Protesters Pepper Sprayed in the Face by Police	 city-data
Why are so many on the left NOT religious?	 city-data
New Study: BIRACIAL Children With BLACK FATHERS . . .	 city-data
New York Post: Global Warming 'Proof' Is Evaporating	 city-data
Would You Mind IF Your Child's Male Teacher Wore A Dress?	 city-data
Homosexual hate on the rampage.	 city-data
People not admitting to homophobia trend	 city-data
Why are white people not offended by slurs like kracker, ****** or white trash?	 city-data
Obama:  "I don't have a strategy, yet"	 city-data
Confederate holidays just days away	 city-data
For all you guys who want nationalized health care	 city-data
Most urban business districts outside of a Downtown	 city-data
Upstate NY Rental property investment	 city-data
Moving from Uk to  New York advice please.	 city-data
Utica..what kind of town?	 city-data
Binghamton area - Looking for apartment or small house to rent	 city-data
What words or phrases do New Yorkers use a lot?	 city-data
Adirondacks not a National Park?	 city-data
Advice on heating with wood	 city-data
What's the most gay-friendly part of New York State that is not Brooklyn, Queens, the Bronx, or Manhattan?	 city-data
What is the difference between Rochester, Buffalo and Syracuse?	 city-data
Binghamton Photos	 city-data
Vacation or wknd getaway	 city-data
States in Songs	 city-data
for those of you who idolize california beaches	 city-data
Which region has the most appealing climate to you?	 city-data
How many states have you visited?	 city-data
to the people in the mid west	 city-data
Most similar cities that are in different regions?	 city-data
Most hated/disliked part of your state.	 city-data
Are there any Asian ghettos?	 city-data
Crime in south vs north	 city-data
Will Atlanta become like Detroit?	 city-data
Wash,DC area richest and most educated region of US	 city-data
Why do people think Southern = "country"?	 city-data
Seems folks who downplay the CITY of Los Angeles as a bigsuburb seem to only ever experience the Valley or the West side	 city-data
What states are northeastern?	 city-data
Interstate highways in need of capacity expansion	 city-data
What U.S. city should bid on the 2024 Olympics and Why?	 city-data
What region is more conservative - New England or the Pacific Northwest?	 city-data
Are there any strongholds left in the Mid West?	 city-data
Is Tampa the South to you?	 city-data
Top 5 States You Would Want to Live In	 city-data
The 20 Best Cities for 20-Somethings	 city-data
Cities most similar to St. Louis	 city-data
Match an Eastern U.S. city with a Western	 city-data
Ever do a South to North migration?	 city-data
NFL Teams moving?	 city-data
What Regional Accents Are You Not Able to Discern Between?	 city-data
Which U.S. suburb has the most impressive skyline?	 city-data
Downtown Vs. The Mall	 city-data
Where do you live and what teams do you support?	 city-data
The 'North' is one state wide at Ohio!	 city-data
Can you tell the difference between a Canadian and American?	 city-data
Where do all the hippie's live	 city-data
What is the largest suburb in your metro area.	 city-data
"New South"!!??	 city-data
How big a deal is the cold? How well do you tolerate it?	 city-data
How is the U.S. the best country in the world?	 city-data
Are you a Yankee or a Rebel?	 city-data
Do you want to go back?	 city-data
How Is HollyWood Dying?	 city-data
U.S.A should convert to the metric system!	 city-data
What are "yankees" impressions of old money southern "upper crust"	 city-data
Should Puerto Rico become the 51st state?	 city-data
NYC top tourist destination over Disney.	 city-data
The Middle Class in America Is Radically Shrinking	 city-data
Soda/Pop Map	 city-data
does anyone ever look at maps for fun?	 city-data
Why So Much Hatred for Indianapolis?	 city-data
Is the waether in California better than in Florida?	 city-data
Does southern Cali feel American?	 city-data
Feds Agree w/ California; Sue Arizona	 city-data
CA Senator Corruption...don't you just love politicians!	 city-data
Jerry Brown vs online affiliates...   Thanks Jerry	 city-data
I shouldn't bother but...	 city-data
LA Times: Brown & Bower Win	 city-data
use of FIRE DEPT to hose down Occupy protesters?	 city-data
Why do we need a Front License plate in California but not other states?	 city-data
Is California a good place to live in anymore?	 city-data
As a native Californian, can you tell a lifelong Californian when out of state?	 city-data
Current Residents of CA:  re Drought	 city-data
"Everything west of I-5 will be toast"	 city-data
Regulate, Control and Tax Cannabis Act	 city-data
california's last local clothing department store to file bankruptcy...	 city-data
Why don't proegressives push for a more prevention oriented health care model?	 city-data
State pensions cost each resident $3000 per year	 city-data
What I dislike MOST about California is...	 city-data
16 Reasons why California is the next Greece	 city-data
Who else would like to see Camp Pendleton move become land for development of neighborhoods connecting SD with OC?	 city-data
CA bill to allow unlicensed drivers a free pass	 city-data
What is the worst big city in California?	 city-data
those who wanted to move to CA	 city-data
Cowboy Culture in CA? If so, where? (Ranching, Equine, Western life)	 city-data
Wanting to move to California from New York...	 city-data
California's Beautiful Central Valley	 city-data
America's opinion of Florida and some of it's cities?	 city-data
Sex Offenders & Florida - worst state?	 city-data
Ebb And Flow of People Who Hate Florida	 city-data
Safeway entering the Florida Grocery Market!	 city-data
Life Of A Florida Snowbird - Pros and Cons	 city-data
Miami vs Tampa (which city? opinions please)	 city-data
Do you let your young kid(s) walk home from school?	 city-data
Apparently the Governor thinks we're all stupid	 city-data
This year's hurricane season has been slow	 city-data
Bugs in Florida?	 city-data
Sales tax VS property tax	 city-data
Want to Re-locate to NC	 city-data
Florida might give up $1 billion in federal jobless aid	 city-data
I've had enough of South FL, which city would you choose?	 city-data
Florida Residents Only Please! ------ POLL	 city-data
Anyone move TO Florida then want to move back?	 city-data
first cold front coming to parts of Florida	 city-data
Early retirees	 city-data
1,000 People a day move to Florida	 city-data
relocating to florida from nyc with 2 kids and no job.	 city-data
Family of three earning more than $11K will not qualify for Medicaid in FL	 city-data
Florida Backyard Gun Ranges	 city-data
the angry state?	 city-data
Thinking of moving to Brooksville/Royal Highlands Area	 city-data
More of Rick Scott's pure genius	 city-data
Texas C-D'ers' Top Five Favorite Restaurants	 city-data
More conservative: Dallas or Houston?	 city-data
Former First Lady against Texas Education Cuts	 city-data
Rick Perry cut Fire Department funding by 75% this year.	 city-data
Renewed effort in Texas legislature to limit HOA powers	 city-data
Is the old Texas accent dying?	 city-data
San Antonio or Houston, that is the question	 city-data
3 Weeks in Texas from the UK	 city-data
Texas School Finance Trial & Robin Hood discussion thread	 city-data
Most underrated City in East Texas Longview,Tyler,Nacogdoches,Lufkin	 city-data
Are we ready for this Arctic air?	 city-data
Is it true that Fredericksburg has a semi-arid climate?	 city-data
looking for former Californians living in Texas	 city-data
What Texas city is the BEST in High School Football??	 city-data
Hollywood and New York seem to bent on making Texas look bad	 city-data
Mandatory Arabic classes in Mansfield schools!	 city-data
We are looking to move to Midland	 city-data
How A Texan Is Spending Summer Time	 city-data
Speed Limit 85 - Texas	 city-data
Relo to Amarillo, Lubbock or Mid/Odessa	 city-data
What is Vidor like today and how relevant (or exaggerated) is its reputation?	 city-data
If I hear one more person say Fort Worth is apart of Dallas....	 city-data
Tell me what's good and what's bad about TEXAS!	 city-data
What is your FAVOURITE thing about Texas?	 city-data
Texas Opinions of the states that border us.	 city-data
Favorite style of Texas Cooking	 city-data
What can Texas do to be more biz friendly to p0rn industry?	 city-data
New England In New York	 city-data
Most forgotten/depressed metro area in NY?	 city-data
Do not re-elect Paterson	 city-data
100 Best Public High Schools in NY State	 city-data
Property taxes : Please help!!	 city-data
Moving to West Point area - need some advice!	 city-data
seeking to move to orange county	 city-data
Moving away, then coming back	 city-data
Trump:  "I can win New York."	 city-data
Are people in New York State scared of consolidation?	 city-data
NY decision - would love some advice...	 city-data
Upstate NY Property Taxes PLEASE?	 city-data
Thinking About Teaching in Buffalo or Rochester!	 city-data
First East-Coast Move to Rockland County; Advice?	 city-data
Question for Italians	 city-data
Liberal towns NYS	 city-data
Best areas to raise a family? (Low COL, SOL, low crime, Salary, etc.)	 city-data
Trying to find a city/town more suitable for me in New York	 city-data
Which Midwestern U.S. City Skyline is the Best?	 city-data
Do you identify more with your city, area, state, or region?	 city-data
What states are dominated by one city/metro area?	 city-data
Do you find trees growing through concrete disturbing?	 city-data
Suburban, Urban, or Rural	 city-data
If Cities Were People, How would you describe them?	 city-data
Is there still an anti British vibe in the US?	 city-data
Best city for a transgender person to live/work?	 city-data
Top 5 Creepy states? (strange experience)	 city-data
What is the Most Racially Tolerant/Liberal City in the US?	 city-data
What U.S. city is the most Dissaponting?	 city-data
US states with a coastline, but its coastline is not a very dominating factor of the state.	 city-data
Which major U.S. city suffers from the most racism and segregation?	 city-data
A new capital, but where?	 city-data
FBI study shows which state has the most gangmembers per capita	 city-data
Where is the Southern accent strongest?	 city-data
Most Dangerous Part of Your City/ State	 city-data
What major city "surprised" you the most after visiting for the first time?	 city-data
Top 10 Most Conservative Cities With Population Of Over 100,000	 city-data
Chicago, more like East Coast cities?	 city-data
Your general feelings about "the suburbs?"	 city-data
Why ONLY Christian holidays in America? Unfair!	 city-data
Best Northern City With Mass Transit That Has a Lower Cost of Living	 city-data
Top Ten U.S. Cities	 city-data
Ny,boston,la, Chicago Are Doomed And Will Collapse Over The Next 20 Years	 city-data
Best Cities for Pizza	 city-data
Based on perception what grades would you give these 10 cities even if you havent been there?	 city-data
The horrible plague that has gripped our major cities in the past few years... Hipsters..	 city-data
Where Artists Live in US	 city-data
Moving South and West? Metropolitan America in 2042	 city-data
How many people on here actually like living in the city/state theyre in??	 city-data
Most Useless Interstate/US Highways and Places that Need Them.	 city-data
Would you relocate to a state that didn't share your views at all?	 city-data
Which Census metro region's boundaries are the most overextended?	 city-data
The most average metro in the U.S.?	 city-data
If you are gay, where are you most likely to be assaulted?	 city-data
Cities you never hear about.	 city-data
Are Americans and Canadians really that similar?	 city-data
good cities to live for gay people	 city-data
The "Upper" Midwest.	 city-data
As Suburbs decline a bold urban future starts	 city-data
You just won the lottery...where in the USA would you live?	 city-data
The Rust Belt vs. the Sun Belt (pros and cons of each, as well as where you'd rather live)	 city-data
Dunkin Donuts popularity up north	 city-data
Texas is flat (Game thread)	 city-data
Largest Interstateless City?	 city-data
Capitol of White America?	 city-data
Has anyone been to the site of the Woodstock Festival near Bethel NY?	 city-data
Why are houses in Elmira so cheap ?	 city-data
Do you still consider them New Yorkers?	 city-data
Moving from San Antonio to NY Suburbs? Questions?	 city-data
a fresh, positive perspective on binghamton	 city-data
Relocating to the Catskills area?	 city-data
Moving to Dutchess vs Suffolk - Need Advice	 city-data
Where are the Single 35-45 men in NY ?	 city-data
Cost of living, Possible move	 city-data
Shelly Silverthief in handcuffs	 city-data
Looking to re-locate to Orange County NY	 city-data
Massachusetts or upstate New York?	 city-data
Upstate NY region survey	 city-data
NYS Geographic Glossary	 city-data
What's the deal with Oniontown NY?	 city-data
Interstate 98?	 city-data
Malone, NY	 city-data
Suffern or Monroe?	 city-data
California loses 1000 more high-tech jobs to Texas-Well done Moonbeam	 city-data
California adds  nearly 100,000 jobs in February	 city-data
Any Libertarians or Ron Paul Fans Here?	 city-data
California group pushes initiative modeled on Arizona's immigration-status law	 city-data
2012 No More Cali	 city-data
Should people give up on the "California Dream?"	 city-data
Why is there no vision, ingenuity, creativity, and leadership when it comes to water resources for CA	 city-data
Why's the dating scene in Southern California so bad?	 city-data
Forbes' 20 most miserable cities:  8 from CA	 city-data
Latest Screwball Idea	 city-data
How many Californians here are CA born?	 city-data
California's SB48 may be repealed	 city-data
Californian invasion from North East	 city-data
No more white majority in  CA as of today	 city-data
Will the Central Valley ever catch up to the rest of the state?	 city-data
California Senate approves health coverage for some immigrants here illegally	 city-data
Why Toyota is moving 3,000 jobs from California to Texas	 city-data
Will you drive less starting next January?	 city-data
Proposition 13 debate	 city-data
""nothing personal, but poor and moderate income people need hsg. advice too	 city-data
Moving from NYC to California - looking for socially conscious, laid back, non-materialistic small town	 city-data
Is California going to wake up and change before all good jobs leave the state?	 city-data
Torn between Bakersfield or Fresno!!!!!	 city-data
Will California Fail	 city-data
So You Think You Know California, Eh? Ok. Where Is This?	 city-data
The Horrible scenery Of California's Central Valley	 city-data
Rising Seas.	 city-data
Will California Ever Go Red?	 city-data
What Would it be like living in Presidio, Texas	 city-data
Best major cities for Interracial couples	 city-data
Why are Texas truck commercials so annoying?	 city-data
Are there any no car needed cities in Texas?	 city-data
New Texas License Plate	 city-data
Texas Style Scrambled Eggs: What Do You Like On Them?	 city-data
Where is the most dangerous lake in Texas?	 city-data
Texas Gov. Perry refuses $700m for education from the Fed.	 city-data
Should Texas Legalize Marijuana ?	 city-data
Texas low taxes = Rolling blackouts in middle of Artic blast	 city-data
Income qualifying for free medicare?	 city-data
Nacogdoches Changes Speed Limit On NW Loop Future I-69 From 55 To 65	 city-data
Any planning on moving to Texas realize that it is the most polluted state in the USA?	 city-data
California Cities vs. Texas Cities	 city-data
People from all over Texas, what are your thoughts of Fort Worth, if any?	 city-data
How would you rank Texas' public universities and their respective cities?	 city-data
Cowboy Hat Respect.	 city-data
Is it safe to travel to Monterrey?	 city-data
Why do businesses use Spanish billboards in Texas?	 city-data
So, someone drops a dish - do you clap?	 city-data
Texas HS teacher has sex with 5 students	 city-data
Is there anyone from NJ/NY pleased or displeased with your move to Texas?	 city-data
Dialect Quiz That Pinpoints Where You're From	 city-data
"Highway Robbery"?  Tenaha, TX	 city-data
Whats more important? Location or Family?	 city-data
Best city in florida	 city-data
For Transplants: If you insist on moving to Florida - buy in a gated community	 city-data
What happened and why	 city-data
Orlando Vs Sarasota?	 city-data
I'm going to have a nervous breakdown.	 city-data
The University of Florida Gives Florida a Very Bad Rap	 city-data
Should I raise my kids in Florida or New York?	 city-data
The big one	 city-data
Economy in Florida - Jobs	 city-data
Does anyone LOVE the humidity?	 city-data
If you're against this, please help!	 city-data
A question about trespassing in FL	 city-data
Do Floridians Still Support Tim Tebow	 city-data
When do you usually stop running your air conditioner?	 city-data
heard the cost of living is high in Fla, and getting worse	 city-data
Now that the stats are posted, which county do YOU personally feel is most dangerous?	 city-data
How long before Florida becomes a "high tax, nanny state" like California?	 city-data
Ft Myers area or Jacksonville??????	 city-data
How many of you Florida forumers have had your home burglarized (robbed, burgled)?	 city-data
Florida and Alligators	 city-data
This is why I must move to Florida :)	 city-data
Moving to Florida (Naples, Jupiter, Bradenton, or ???)	 city-data
This is getting ridiculous	 city-data
Rent, do not buy!	 city-data
Many Say High Deductibles Make Their Health Law Insurance All but Useless	 city-data
Same Sex Marriage supporters:  Do you support Polygamy?	 city-data
Republican Senators Directly Contact Iranian Leadership	 city-data
Too much damn outrage over the lion killing?	 city-data
Why should gay marriage be/not be allowed?	 city-data
California to Wal-Mart: Pay Better and Stop Forcing Taxpayers to Subsidize your employees.	 city-data
Only in America are "poor people" not poor	 city-data
Fast Food Workers in NYC go on Strike For Better Wages	 city-data
Why dont blacks support black republicans?	 city-data
Another Movie Theatre Shooting	 city-data
Sally Yates has been fired by Trump	 city-data
Pro-Family Groups Warn of Mass Exodus If Boy Scouts Cave to Homosexuals	 city-data
As if abortion wasn't disgusting enough...	 city-data
DUI Law-out of control money maker!	 city-data
The Obama Experiment	 city-data
SB48 coming to California	 city-data
Cafe owner posts picture on Facebook of mess left by young children and is getting blasted	 city-data
Northeners flying the Rebel Flag...your take?	 city-data
Juan Williams fired from NPR for opinion on muslims	 city-data
Radiohead says top 10% pay 70% of taxes	 city-data
Oh look now PA wants to pass a transvaginal sonogram	 city-data
Pasta firm Barilla boycotted by homosexuals over 'classic family' remarks	 city-data
Face it people.... There is no way around the 2nd Amendment.	 city-data
Jihadists seize Iraq's second city, Mosul, leading to a mass civilian exodus	 city-data
How are companies allowed to pay such low wages that their workers need Food Stamps?	 city-data
Study: Higher Minimum Wage Does Not Increase Unemployment	 city-data
ISIS Beheads American Journalist James Foley	 city-data
If Abortion Funds are Banned....	 city-data
Wisconsin Senate approves right-to-work bill, sends to state Assembly	 city-data
Health Care is not a responsibility of the federal government	 city-data
Raising the minimum wage to $15 / hr would create jobs and revive the economy	 city-data
Photos of man shopping with rifle at Utah J.C. Penney go viral	 city-data
is a man who rapes another man gay?	 city-data
Gays to Protest at Mormon Temple	 city-data
"School Reading List Featured Books on Lesbian Sex,Gay Orgy"	 city-data
Should NY Police Officers That Turned Their Backs On Their Mayor Be Disciplined?	 city-data
Obama calls for halt to Texas execution Mexican was convicted of raping, killing San Antonio girl	 city-data
Conservatives, what are your thoughts on Nelson Mandela?	 city-data
Obama Being Ridiculed By Russians	 city-data
Radio host calls obama a ‘monkey’	 city-data
Why is Asian American Unemployment Very Low?	 city-data
3 muslim refugee youths rape little girl in idaho	 city-data
Parents, after reading Obama's speech to kids, dont you feel like a fool?	 city-data
Healthcare Insurance IS Affordable. It's All About Priorities	 city-data
Why do people label half black children, as black?	 city-data
Why do we need guns exactly?	 city-data
New documentary explores why so many white American men aspire to marry Asian women	 city-data
Why do conservatives constantly bash the Canada Health Act and the NHS?	 city-data
What would happen if Trump deports all the illegals when he's elected?	 city-data
Gay marriage issues.	 city-data
Obama Georgia Ballot-eligibility case: Deadline for briefs moved up from Feb. 5 to Feb. 1	 city-data
Free condoms to the young...	 city-data
Obamacare could cost one small business half of its profit	 city-data
Not only is selling baby parts ok......	 city-data
Rush is tearing up NObama at the CPAC!	 city-data
Mike Brown Case Discussion Only (Not Ferguson) - Dorian Johnson's Testimony Released	 city-data
What is the real agenda behind creating Same Sex Marriage?	 city-data
Public Breastfeeding.......	 city-data
Can Someone Tell Me How It's "FAIR" That 47% of American's Pay ZERO Federal Income Taxes?	 city-data
Dear Baby Boomers:	 city-data
Two Black Women Beat White Woman Into Seizure, Employees Laugh. Wheres Jackson/Sharpton?	 city-data
There is nothing wrong with socialism, it's absolutely fine.	 city-data
Oregon Standoff - do I have this right?	 city-data
Why do people still believe in Trickle down economics?	 city-data
Supreme Court Denies State Appeal over Gay Marriage Ban; Gay Marriage de facto in 30 States	 city-data
2016 Olympics : Chicago and Tokyo Out in First Round	 city-data
Democrats INSIST on protecting public schools. WHY?	 city-data
Groups Sue To Stop New Orleans From Removing Confederate Statues	 city-data
latest on unemployment extension bill part 2	 city-data
Largest Swedish population in the U.S.	 city-data
Is it alright to say your from a city when you are really live in a suburb?	 city-data
Why are most Midwestern large cities so rundown looking?	 city-data
The Best Dense Skyline (New York, Chicago, San Francisco, Seattle)	 city-data
Coolest City Neighborhood names	 city-data
What do you call soda, soft drinks, Coke, etc. and what region do you live in?	 city-data
What US location is "heaven" to you?	 city-data
What Cities are best culturally for New Orleans refugees to move to?	 city-data
Largest City In Your Country That You Have Never Been?	 city-data
Which of these cities would you consider Subtropical?	 city-data
Why doesn't the South stay Southern but the North Stays Northern?	 city-data
List the places in the US that you would not want to go to.	 city-data
How do you pronounce "caramel"?	 city-data
If you were starting over- Texas or Florida???	 city-data
What mid-sized midwestern metro has the best economy?	 city-data
What don't you like with the USA?	 city-data
The South vs. The South	 city-data
What are the top 5 cities with the worst reputation	 city-data
Place the state quiz--what's your score?	 city-data
How easily can you tell that someone isn't from your area?	 city-data
Diverse, cheaper cities	 city-data
My map of the psychographic regions of the United States	 city-data
California vs Florida vs Hawaii which state has the best looking palm trees?	 city-data
Most Boring Drives in the US	 city-data
In which cities are Baseball more popular than Football in the US?	 city-data
Eye colors in America?	 city-data
Gay Friendliest Cities ........	 city-data
What do you think about the midwest?	 city-data
Most eccentric US city?	 city-data
What American city has most greatly nose dived? (from colonial America onwards)	 city-data
Common misconceptions about your city	 city-data
What major city(or urban area) in the Midwest has the most Midwestern feel	 city-data
Greatest influence on the U.S.A. *Updated*	 city-data
Is Pittsburgh a "big city"?	 city-data
The nicest town or City dominated by African Americans is?	 city-data
Cities that give off positive or negative energy?	 city-data
Best grocery store chains in the U.S.	 city-data
An african immigration boom in the USA	 city-data
Chicago has 428 homicides (US Murder Capital)	 city-data
When you are out of state, what do you wear to represent where you are from?	 city-data
How important is diversity to you when it comes to where you live/relocate in the U.S.	 city-data
"Rust Belt" cities of The South	 city-data
Stadiums with downtown view	 city-data
Have you ever encountered hostility based on where you are from?	 city-data
Why Are People Fleeing The Northeast?	 city-data
Highways to nowhere - frivolous highway projects?	 city-data
putnum county good investment or bad idea?	 city-data
Binghamton safety?	 city-data
Moving to Fort Drum....	 city-data
Upstate NY tech Jobs?	 city-data
Perfect City (for me) in the Northeast	 city-data
Near mountains and small city	 city-data
Nicest New York State New England charm towns?	 city-data
Islamburg, NY??	 city-data
Best Place to work and live in NY	 city-data
ACTORS/ACTRESSES that you have met	 city-data
California Alimony/Divorce laws	 city-data
And they fret over earthquakes?	 city-data
California Budget (finalized)	 city-data
Bad place to live: Arroyo Grande, CA	 city-data
Old retailers you miss or don't miss	 city-data
What Does It Say to Other's When You Tell Them "I'm From California"	 city-data
Calif. Economy: 2011 Forecast to Grow Faster than the Nation	 city-data
Move out to California	 city-data
Californians: what food or dish is CA most known for?	 city-data
Public employees are breaking Californias back	 city-data
Drought has improved since last week!	 city-data
In-state tuition for illegal immigrants	 city-data
CHP Salaries	 city-data
Hey California You want your jobs back? Check with Texas-Here are the numbers from the Bureau of Labor Statistics	 city-data
Is California one of the worst states to raise kids?	 city-data
How do southern Californians afford to have such large families, high tax bills and high housing costs	 city-data
Schwarzenegger proposes slashing billions from social services	 city-data
Why does Chico, Merced, Woodland, Hanford, Yuba Cit, Palmdale, Victorville, and Eureka not have a Macy's?	 city-data
Is California Livable Anymore?	 city-data
June 3rd 2014 California Voting Thread	 city-data
TX Gov. Caught Telling Half Truth Regarding CA to TX Business Relocations	 city-data
If you are a California native, you should have this beer in your fridge	 city-data
Want to find the next Silicon Valley? Head to Humboldt County.	 city-data
Do California folk really think......	 city-data
Poor but rich ... big city small world in California ...	 city-data
Question for California liberals	 city-data
Texas; is it part of the South or the Southwest?	 city-data
KKK in vidor	 city-data
Conservative Retirees Looking at Texas	 city-data
Texas Tawk Part II	 city-data
Where in Texas is it not humid?	 city-data
Those of you who moved from California.....	 city-data
Austin vs Houston: Which to pick for a disgruntled northerner	 city-data
What things are unique to Texans and Texan culture?	 city-data
Waco, Texas Thread	 city-data
Beans and Peas - Texas terminology!	 city-data
Tyler, Texas vs. Midland, Texas	 city-data
4 months of Texas summers versus 4 months of Midwest/Northeast winters	 city-data
4 seasons in Texas???	 city-data
Do you think Dallas-Fort Worth suburbs are too big?	 city-data
Disturbing new poll sheds light on how much education reform we need in Texas	 city-data
Cultural benefits of living in Texas	 city-data
Where do you buy your groceries?	 city-data
Best Texas Airport	 city-data
Best German Restaurants In Texas	 city-data
Poll:  Your Favorite Kids' Song!	 city-data
Texas considering removing the class size limits?	 city-data
Abilene El Paso Big Spring Lubbock or Amarillo?	 city-data
How To Drive In Florida	 city-data
Is Florida Too Hot this Year?	 city-data
please, I need a positive only advise now...	 city-data
What are the top universities in FL?	 city-data
Ettiquette for a white person moving into a black neighborhood in small town Florida	 city-data
Do you Think Florida's Hurricane Drought Will End This Year?	 city-data
Is it time for State Taxes in Florida?	 city-data
Sharks Big Issue On the Beach??	 city-data
The more and more I read these posts it seems like Florida is a nice place to visit(vacation) , but not live true?	 city-data
Is crack cocaine a major problem in Florida?	 city-data
Good paying jobs leaving FL	 city-data
Florida residents -----------	 city-data
Can anyone tell me if moving to florida is a good idea for a 29 year old guy from ny	 city-data
Left Lane Drivers Move Over, Fla. Senate Says	 city-data
Looks like Florida is the worst state in the country	 city-data
Florida Has Been One of The Hardest Hit Places By the Recession so ....	 city-data
Any one move from California to Florida	 city-data
Moody's No Florida Recovery until Year 2030's	 city-data
Are the houses selling yet?	 city-data
Just heard that the neighbor got his new tax bill!!!!	 city-data
How much $$$ to cool your home??	 city-data
What do you keep your AC thermostat set to?	 city-data
just curious - why always negative posts in regards to NY relocators	 city-data
Fan gate! Charlie Christ can't debate without a floor/table fan keeping himself cool	 city-data
Moving to NY from San Francisco	 city-data
moving to upstate ny	 city-data
looking for cheap places to live close to NY City	 city-data
bath new york	 city-data
Young family: Suggestions on a NYC satellite town?	 city-data
Upstate New York Economic Statistics	 city-data
Thinking about moving to Windsor NY	 city-data
Cornell University??	 city-data
Moving to Ithaca from TX	 city-data
Puerto ricans leaving ny?	 city-data
The real reason for NY EXODUS	 city-data
Leaving the bronx for middletown	 city-data
Underground Railroad towns in NY.....	 city-data
Please Help:  Attorney considering move to Ithaca	 city-data
Moving out of the city, but where to? (semi-close, semi-cheap, no car, single, nice parks, and good food hehe)	 city-data
Finger Lake Vineyards	 city-data
Any one from Saranac Lake NY	 city-data
NY to Add 300 Hours to Public School Year	 city-data
Relocating - Within 2-4 hours of Brooklyn	 city-data
What states/cities are best for mild winter/no humidity summers	 city-data
Are their any cities that have overwhelming stereotypes that are actually false?	 city-data
Which Rust-Belt City Would You Consider Living In?	 city-data
Annexation and City Size 1950-2010	 city-data
5 things you like/5 things you dislike about your city	 city-data
Ok..... the "advanced" dixie or yankee test	 city-data
Los Angeles passes New York as nation's most expensive city	 city-data
Which America Are You Apart Of? | PBS Quiz to Examines How Close You are to Middle America	 city-data
best place for a H.S Dropout	 city-data
Are There Any States Where Its Future Seems Dismal?	 city-data
Puerto Rico 51st state?	 city-data
What was the 70's like?	 city-data
Which cities are least at risk of a natural disaster?	 city-data
Do you think the USA will eventually be no more?	 city-data
Are you happy where you live?	 city-data
Good places for a young interracial couple in America to live other than California or New York?	 city-data
Your metro area in ten years..	 city-data
The origins of the future American Elite	 city-data
2 to 5 hours from your city - mini vaca's	 city-data
Boringest City in the U.S....	 city-data
Finding cities 90% white or more	 city-data
How come Dunkin Donuts doesn't do well everywhere in the country?	 city-data
Which state's citizens have the largest ego?	 city-data
Where should the next "Real World" be?	 city-data
Best American Cities for Musicians and Music Lovers?	 city-data
Where are the small, creative college towns located in the U.S.?	 city-data
Virginia!	 city-data
22 maps that show the linguistic divides in America.	 city-data
Why is the USA still so violent?	 city-data
If money wasn't an issue-where would you live?	 city-data
Is Atheism looked down upon in the south ?	 city-data
Which state wins 50-way war?	 city-data
Most overrated southwestern city	 city-data
Houston Leads Nation for Tech Growth, Crushes Silicon Valley at #2	 city-data
What kind of beer is popular where you live?	 city-data
Houston's next mayor: either openly gay liberal or liberal from Cal Berkeley - is this the trend in all the U.S?	 city-data
Which U.S. Rust Belt city do you think could make the biggest comeback?	 city-data
Which city has the fewest hipsters?	 city-data
Intermarriage in the United States	 city-data
Photos That Capture What You Love About Your City/State	 city-data
Which city is your favorite college town??	 city-data
what are the next boom cities?	 city-data
We Americans know very little about own country	 city-data
Cities with the best Little Italys	 city-data
Booming and livable major cities	 city-data
Could Houston become the next Detroit?	 city-data
Borders of the Rustbelt?	 city-data
Jerry Brown takes a hard look at Prop. 13 (here comes the tax man)	 city-data
So you want to leave California: where would you go and why?	 city-data
Why are California Cops Paid So Much More than Cops Elsewhere?	 city-data
Owning a home in California	 city-data
CalExit is Based in Russia, and Backed by Trump pal Putin	 city-data
Gangs in California - how bad of a problem is it?	 city-data
What city in California has the hottest prettiest girls?	 city-data
looking for the perfect California town to raise our 5 children	 city-data
Does anybody understand the Public Employees Pension situation?	 city-data
Why is California the toughest, hardest, most difficult state to build a Stadium, Sports Venue or Arena, why? how come?	 city-data
The Elephant in the Room: Are we being too fiscally conservative?	 city-data
Calif gas price is triple the nationwide average. LA Times	 city-data
What the hell is wrong with the No on 8 people?	 city-data
Politically and culturally speaking: What are the most conservative areas of California?	 city-data
Yes on 32... It is pay back time!	 city-data
Even if Prop. 19 Passes, Federal Drug Laws Will Be Vigorously Enforced, Official Says	 city-data
Why Are So Many Californians Mean, Rude, and Snobby??	 city-data
Odds of California real estate going down a lot	 city-data
#calexit movement calling for California secession gains momentum following Trump win.	 city-data
How REALLY popular is gun control in California?	 city-data
California is roasting another Golden Goose!	 city-data
Section 8 in your neighborhood?	 city-data
California Plastic Bag Ban Would Be First Of Its Kind In The Nation	 city-data
what do californians think of florida	 city-data
A question about California's political history	 city-data
If you had to live in one of these West Texas cities.	 city-data
Texas on the Brink	 city-data
Making Texas a 1-Plate State	 city-data
Texas: How do you feel about proposed bill to outlaw abortion in Texas	 city-data
What is the personality of these Texas cities???	 city-data
Why did Texas steal Chile's flag and motto?	 city-data
Texas City Tiers	 city-data
HB 1919 Vetoed by Gov. Perry	 city-data
To those who complain/gripe about Texas who are from somewhere else	 city-data
West Texas Questions...	 city-data
Red Light Camera Revenue Cost the City	 city-data
How Should Food Stamps (i.e., Lone Star Card) be Used.	 city-data
Anybody else leavin?	 city-data
Moving to Abilene (Dyess AFB)	 city-data
Is Tony Romo only there because of his looks?	 city-data
Dallas v. Houston - which is more "liberal"?	 city-data
Texas Death Penalty	 city-data
Texas Property Taxes	 city-data
Attn: Midland Odessa haters, a question	 city-data
Dallas vs San Antonio six flags	 city-data
Are you a native Texan that moved to some place cold?	 city-data
Possible move to Laredo, TX	 city-data
Texas population growth, where is it coming from?  The answers in this thread!	 city-data
HUGE News from the Permian Oil Patch...	 city-data
What Texas City do you think of when you hear these words?	 city-data
Texas' 5-Stacks	 city-data
Will Ron Paul help turn Texas PURPLE ......or....BLUE?	 city-data
Perry, Florida......How's living there??	 city-data
Tell me all about Key West	 city-data
A day in Central Florida	 city-data
Lobby for a Panhandle thread	 city-data
Record Cold coming to Florida	 city-data
Why Do Florida Drivers Drive So Slow	 city-data
At what point of Florida do you find Southern Hospitality and culture?	 city-data
something positive needed!	 city-data
Racist Neighboor Intimidating Black Family AND Getting Away With It!	 city-data
Where is the best small town in Florida to live?	 city-data
What's up with the desperation wrt moving to FL?	 city-data
What do you like about Florida?	 city-data
What are your thought on this?	 city-data
Retirees and work	 city-data
WALMART In Florida????	 city-data
How much "play" time do you have in Florida?	 city-data
New Christian License Plate	 city-data
Things different in Florida than where you moved from.	 city-data
Deadly snakes	 city-data
What's the Trick to Battling No-See-Ums/Sand Flies/Sand Gnats?	 city-data
Florida's economy: why do people dump on it?	 city-data
FL Gov Debate schedule (3 debates)	 city-data
Raising children in Florida...	 city-data
Why Does Florida Have A Ten-Page Ballot?	 city-data
State employees' salaries were posted with their names in our local newspaper	 city-data
Cliven Bundy Thread	 city-data
In What Country is Small Government/Conservatism Working?	 city-data
Why is birth control coverage such a contentious subject?	 city-data
Elitist newspaper calls southern food "undignified"	 city-data
60% of Americans don't have savings to cover even a $500 car repair bill	 city-data
Trayvon II?: Unarmed teen shot inside homeowner's fenced yard, homeowner charged	 city-data
Obama did not pay his fair share - Paid less than most of us	 city-data
How Young Is Too Young For Handling Firearms?	 city-data
Virgina and Pre-Abortion Ultrasounds	 city-data
A thorough poll on abortion	 city-data
Gay agenda: Today Show host comes out and is expecting baby with lesbian co-worker	 city-data
Would you be okay if your child came out as LGBT?	 city-data
PUBLIC SCHOOL INDOCTRINATION Like You Won't Believe!	 city-data
Obama says mandatory voting "would be transformative"	 city-data
I'm Really Tired of Anti-Welfare BS	 city-data
Fear of Universal Heath Care	 city-data
Girl dies after pharmacist refuses to give EpiPen without prescription	 city-data
Texas cheerleaders win restraining order to allow Bible verses	 city-data
Singer Pat Boone insists Obama was born in Kenya	 city-data
Black media is NOT racist	 city-data
Dr Laura uses the N-word	 city-data
The reason people hate Walmart	 city-data
Civil War?  If you take My guns...	 city-data
Why are republicans anti-union?	 city-data
Unbelievable- US government secretly collecting phone records of millions of Americans	 city-data
Gabby Gifford's, bring out the cripple kid for the sympathy ploy	 city-data
It appears next up on the loons agenda is normalizing pedophelia's	 city-data
People who oppose gay marriage are like Christians who used the Bible to support apartheid and slavery, says bishop	 city-data
"Hands Up, Don't Shoot" . . . "Pants Up, Don't Loot"	 city-data
*****ACA (Obamacare) News Thread*****	 city-data
Why do most homosexuals compare their problems to black people?	 city-data
Hate crimes:  Gays vandalize SF Castro church!	 city-data
Gay activism, wedding cakes, religious liberty and Jim Crow	 city-data
POLL: Do Stay At Home Moms Do Any Work? Are They Capable of Understanding Economic Issues?	 city-data
Gallup: "Pro-Choice" Americans at Record-Low 41%, Means MORE Pro-LIFE	 city-data
We Are The 53%	 city-data
Victim of Secret Dorm Sex Tape Posts Facebook Goodbye, Jumps to His Death	 city-data
Hipsters on food stamps	 city-data
Global warming.... yawn..... who cares?	 city-data
Congratulations - Malia Obama gets accepted in to Harvard.	 city-data
Mayor of Berkeley blames Milo. Says he is a white nationalist	 city-data
Why I'm not proud to be American anymore	 city-data
Rip commandante fidel Castro.	 city-data
Has anyone considered moving out of the U.S.?	 city-data
I'm 28 and have never seen the country so racially divided.	 city-data
Your going to take away my freedom to protect myself from you....	 city-data
California to adopt $15 an hour minimum wage	 city-data
Now it's 'free' school dinners	 city-data
Marijuana should be legalized..	 city-data
Measles Herd Immunity Won't Hold as Vaccinations Drop	 city-data
The Flipside of Feminism- women have become less happy in the past decades, (read on)...	 city-data
Christian Student Fights For Her Beliefs	 city-data
338 Million Powerball winner in U.S 26 years and can't speak English	 city-data
How are school vouchers a bad thing?	 city-data
Do people honestly think that women can fight in the military?	 city-data
10 Ways to Force the Stinking Rich to Share Their Wealth	 city-data
The Myopia of a Gun Nut	 city-data
Large mobs (wildings) viciously attacking and robbing people on Michigan Avenue	 city-data
I saw an extremely offensive t-shirt today	 city-data
Is Europe more advanced than America?	 city-data
Financial wealth inequality in America: it's worse than you think...	 city-data
President Rodrigo Duterte a disaster in the works? Your opinion?	 city-data
Rick Perry (R-TX) champion of irony	 city-data
We ARE treated differently by law enforcement - this MUST change	 city-data
Police Kill Another Child! In NYC this time...	 city-data
Do you support the gun control measures that NJ has passed?-Poll	 city-data
Gay marriage, what's the problem?	 city-data
The 20 Most Useless College Degrees - Hundreds Of Thousands of Degrees Awarded In This Crap Annually!	 city-data
Ithaca - live downtown or bit further out?	 city-data
Albany is the highest ranked NY on US News list	 city-data
Anyone live in or have inside info on Chestnut Ridge in Rockland County, NY?	 city-data
Which town to move to on the Metro North line?	 city-data
Oh New York I miss you!!!!	 city-data
Declining population of Upstate cities........	 city-data
Spring can't come soon enough!	 city-data
How is New York for farming?	 city-data
Need 4wd in snow?	 city-data
Where are the BEST Christmas decorations in NYC & Upstate??	 city-data
NY State unemployment benefits are BOGUS!	 city-data
Looking to move north of NYC	 city-data
Top upstate schools - your opinions	 city-data
Midwesterner possibly moving to St Lawrence cnty	 city-data
Need input on towns in Upstate NY	 city-data
In search of the simple life in Orange County	 city-data
Is there anything appealing about Cortland?	 city-data
Possibly moving to Albany or Rochester...	 city-data
Port Jervis vs other places in Orange Co. to relocate?	 city-data
Here they go again.  Mileage tax!	 city-data
Calif. pot dispensaries told by feds to shut down	 city-data
California's top second tier city?	 city-data
State Employees - Here ya go again	 city-data
Feinstein's Husband Gets Rail Contract	 city-data
Rim Fire	 city-data
New code requires residential fire sprinklers	 city-data
how can an immigrant find a job???	 city-data
Is this really true about California any more?	 city-data
Why is the California unemployment rate sooo high?	 city-data
Jerry Brown Unveils Plan for 500,000 Green Jobs	 city-data
Passage of Proposition 47	 city-data
Possibly moving from Texas to the Central Coast (Santa Maria, SLO)	 city-data
If marijuana is legalized in November, what do you think will be the impact?	 city-data
Is anyone else tired of hearing about how extremely liberal California is?	 city-data
Other reasons bakersfield is horrible?????????	 city-data
California #1 in list of states in Peril	 city-data
Governor proposes $5.5 Billion in cuts to welfare, healthcare, prisons, higher ed, parks	 city-data
California compared to Italy, Greece, and Spain	 city-data
Is there ANY high speed internet in California??	 city-data
Rage Against the Machine Raging Against Arizona	 city-data
California's future?	 city-data
Some C-D post stereotyping	 city-data
Who Could Live in Palm Springs During Summer?	 city-data
State Senator Leland Yee Arrested On Public Corruption Charges	 city-data
Liberal Caused Wasteland	 city-data
Did a smart meter cause a higher electricity/gas bill for you?	 city-data
Most liberal city in the U.S.	 city-data
Name One Hidden-Gem Vacation Town That Everyone Should Visit	 city-data
Is the Mid West Northern exclusively?	 city-data
Which U.S. region would be most prosperous if it was its own country?	 city-data
Name one obscure city that you like......	 city-data
General US picture thread	 city-data
Do you think we will get the olympics?	 city-data
Best City in the Southwest	 city-data
Do you think Richmond, Virginia should be the new USA Capital?	 city-data
Diversity In Atlanta	 city-data
most scenic east coast state	 city-data
If the nation's capital moved...	 city-data
Opinion thread:  Which state has the most racist residents overall? (Not in 1850, but in 2008)	 city-data
Has "the South" lost its slow-pace way of living?	 city-data
Does anyone here actually have a suburban mindset?	 city-data
Why African Americans Wont Vote For McCain.	 city-data
Is Wisconsin Dells well known throughout America?	 city-data
Which southern State has the prettiest Girls?	 city-data
Outdoor enthusiasts, what is the best area to move to, considering these factors?	 city-data
Obama Won!!!	 city-data
Do you currently live in a state that has all 4 seasons? How important is living in an area with distinct seasons?	 city-data
What's your favorite Southern Accent?	 city-data
Westernmost city in the Southeastern United States	 city-data
Top 5 Cities in the South You'd Want To Live In	 city-data
Milwaukee: Would you live in MKE?	 city-data
Can you identify this accent?	 city-data
What percentage of Native Southerners under 30 have a distinctive Southern accent?	 city-data
It's 2012, is Hitchhiking really that dangerous?	 city-data
Which city does your city rival with?	 city-data
Cities WITHOUT gangs	 city-data
Most dangerous North East Cities/towns	 city-data
Entering the North from the Southeast!	 city-data
Most gay friendly STATES in America? Vote	 city-data
What is the northernmost southeastern state geographically?	 city-data
Cities that feel like cults	 city-data
First Thing that Comes To Mind when you Think of These States	 city-data
Why do some states still issue/require front license plates?	 city-data
News, The Southern Drawl: Is It Spreading?	 city-data
Regions of South	 city-data
What Mountains in the U.S. do you consider to be the prettiest?	 city-data
Race Riots	 city-data
What are some slower paced big cities?	 city-data
Showoff City: Texas	 city-data
Help Texas pass Gambling?	 city-data
Bakeries in Texas	 city-data
Texas solar: No. 1 in potential, No. 9 in reality	 city-data
Texas food that's REALLY Unhealthy..but I LOVE it!	 city-data
Report: Perry leads gov race with 49%	 city-data
Tyler and Longview	 city-data
What's the deal with the Texas housing market?  Why so cheap in nice areas?	 city-data
Texas' Best Catfish	 city-data
Will Texas politics settle down and become more moderate after the next election cycle?	 city-data
Group of Fort Worth Black Pastors asking the public to Boycott the T bus system because of Anti-Christ Advertisement	 city-data
Atty General Paxton, SCOTUS, Lib Democrats	 city-data
A Texas sam'winch?	 city-data
Matamoros	 city-data
outsiders in texas towns	 city-data
City with best food scene in Texas?	 city-data
Prettiest Town in Texas	 city-data
Name one thing you love the most about Texas.	 city-data
Moving to Beaumont	 city-data
would you retire in texas	 city-data
Small towns	 city-data
From Italy to Texas!	 city-data
The Texas Radio Thread - Then And Now	 city-data
Best Tex-Mex/Mexican Food in Texas	 city-data
Being Texan	 city-data
What's up with Waco?	 city-data
Texas Is About To Get Fastest Stretch Of Roadway In The Western Hemisphere	 city-data
Texas Skyline Ratings: Waco	 city-data
Gun laws for Florida.	 city-data
Info about Destin Florida	 city-data
New Yorkers in Florida	 city-data
Colorado To Florida???	 city-data
Crime In Poinciana, Florida	 city-data
Losing it in Florida!	 city-data
Sunrico, you are making me want to move!	 city-data
Rick Scott signing bill to have people on welfare tested for drugs!	 city-data
Need advice re: Little Lizards	 city-data
Florida is the riskiest state to buy a house	 city-data
What part of Florida do you live & why? :)	 city-data
Rick Scott on Job Creation in Florida	 city-data
What's your least favorite season here?	 city-data
Medical Marijuana Dispensaries announced today!	 city-data
Why would you move to a noncoastal florida city?	 city-data
Best kept secret	 city-data
At Last, Increased Gun Control in the Florida Keys	 city-data
Winter whining	 city-data
Scorpions	 city-data
!!  HELP !!   I have a coral snake in my yard!	 city-data
Florida isn't all sunshine and rainbows	 city-data
How is life in Florida?	 city-data
Chestnut Ridge, NY	 city-data
Need advice on move to Orange Co. for my young family	 city-data
New York State Police - Radar? Laser? Both?	 city-data
Commuting to NYC from Rockland County	 city-data
New York Residents: Who Do You Want To Vote For In The Republican Primary	 city-data
RELOCATING ADVICE anywhere from Saraotga to Poughkeepsie	 city-data
Grahamsville, Livingston Manor, Ellenville or Woodbourne: What do you know about these places?	 city-data
Husband starts a new job in Manhattan.  Where should family with toddlers and pets live?	 city-data
Employers in NY (and other states), hiring only locally?	 city-data
California's best years have passed, voters say	 city-data
Does California have a ''personality''?	 city-data
Brown Announces California Budget	 city-data
***New California State Laws Going into Effect in 2015***	 city-data
Drought - 2014	 city-data
California Collapsing	 city-data
High Speed Rail (Failure)	 city-data
California: 3rd highest life expectancy state	 city-data
Marijuana Sales Boost Northern California County	 city-data
California In The Red Again	 city-data
"laid back California lifestyle"	 city-data
Could California Survive Without the U.S. and Vice Versa?	 city-data
Unfortunately, California continues to lead nation in job growth	 city-data
Why is California out of cash?	 city-data
thank goodness for California environmentalism	 city-data
CA native visiting Texas (asking why anyone would prefer TX)	 city-data
$484,000 for a state trooper...really!!!!!	 city-data
California: Valley Of The Stupid	 city-data
San Francisco versus Los Angeles areas: pros and cons?	 city-data
Boxer Upset at Obama, Encourages Lawsuit	 city-data
According to conservative doctrine, Kansas and Texas ought to be booming, and California ought to be in the pits.	 city-data
Supreme Court rejects challenge of tuition break for illegal immigrants	 city-data
My husband wants to move and I dont...plz respond ASAP	 city-data
Californians Petition to Ban Christian Symbols From Public View	 city-data
So EVERYBODY wants to come to CA???	 city-data
Texas puritan laws = All liquor stores closed on Thanksgiving	 city-data
Will Rick Perry grow a set like Jan Brewer?	 city-data
Texas as a low taxes and low services state - What does it mean and is it true according to youe experience	 city-data
Longview,East Texas(not Texas but ETX)pics inside	 city-data
How long is someone "Hispanic"?	 city-data
Dallas Vs. Galveston	 city-data
cowboy hat etiquette	 city-data
Isn't it ironic that Texas,...	 city-data
Essence of Texas - perfume and pretty pictures	 city-data
Racism	 city-data
Difference between East Texas and other Southern States	 city-data
Texas Food to Die For	 city-data
Do Texans feel distinct from Americans from other states?	 city-data
Why are So Many Companies Almost PROUD Of Not Having Air Conditioning?	 city-data
TJ MAXX coming to Lufkin MALL grand opening August!!!!	 city-data
Texans Ron Paul and Rick Perry are running for President. (What have they done in or for Texas?)	 city-data
Trans Texas Corridor	 city-data
Is It Possible To Cross Texas In 1 Day	 city-data
Whitman is toast; Jerry by a landslide.	 city-data
We really dodged a bullet with SB 350, Brown flips out.	 city-data
Cost of High Speed Train Significantly Increasing	 city-data
The Real California™	 city-data
California Drug Laws and Sharing of a Prescription Question...	 city-data
Breast Feeding in Public	 city-data
Is Southern California truly interracial relationship heaven?	 city-data
Pensions or Teachers?	 city-data
"Just where would you Go?"  Poll	 city-data
Bill Maher Tonight: Cali is better due to democrats than republicans...	 city-data
Quit Demonizing the Almond Industry	 city-data
A question for the natives of California	 city-data
Cultural/Racial segregation in CA.	 city-data
Should a 96-year-old Prop 8 supporter Lose a Public Post?	 city-data
Downtown San Francisco vs. Downtown Los Angeles	 city-data
California in ten years (2022)	 city-data
Good weather my ***	 city-data
Greater LA/SoCal versus the Bay Area: Nature and Outdoor proximity only!	 city-data
Where in CA are there primarily conservative white people?	 city-data
Ca. new budget--car tax surcharge approved	 city-data
California Foreclosure Rate Highest in the Nation	 city-data
Latino Kids now Majority in CA State Public Schools	 city-data
Is California doing so well that they can provide $15/hr minimum wage?	 city-data
Rare photo of slave children found	 city-data
Melania Trump Is the First Lady America Needs Right Now	 city-data
Draconian Gun Legislation Proposed	 city-data
Is anyone else embarrassed by Obama's un-Presidential behavior?	 city-data
Why don't people recognize homophobia is as wrong as racism?	 city-data
The future of California.	 city-data
Another civil war is inevitable in the US	 city-data
Jordanian Pilot Burned Alive by ISIS	 city-data
Why can't gays just be happy with CIVIL UNIONS?	 city-data
Here's the real Woman's March, where the beautiful women outside and inside are marching! The March for Life this friday	 city-data
Sorry, but I'm tired of all of these psychologically damaged people needing dogs in restaurants.	 city-data
Legalizing light bulbs	 city-data
Professor claims Sandy Hook Shooting did not happen..	 city-data
Rep. Lamborn: Working With Obama Is like 'Touching a Tar Baby'	 city-data
Whats so extremist about a liveable wage?	 city-data
Kansas Bans Poor People From Spending Welfare On Cruise Ships	 city-data
Guiliani on Obama: He Doesn't Love His Country	 city-data
Black History Month is here!!	 city-data
Reporter/cameraman executed on live TV in Virginia.	 city-data
Mass arrests Brooklyn Bridge NOW	 city-data
What's your opinion of home schooling?	 city-data
Tracy Morgan Calls Sarah Palin 'Good Masturbation Material,' Network Apologizes	 city-data
Militiamen take over federal building in Oregon wildlife refuge	 city-data
Gun Range Owner Bans Muslims: ‘My Business Is A Muslim Free Zone’	 city-data
*****So if healthcare reform is back to square one...*****	 city-data
Why are there so many white single mothers with biracial (black/white) children?	 city-data
Liberal myth: George W. Bush lied about WMD to start the Iraq war.	 city-data
Tattoos look hideous	 city-data
Your estimate how many rallyists attended the 9-12 Taxpayer March in DC	 city-data
I have seen the error of my ways...	 city-data
The big ObamaCare bubble is about to explode!	 city-data
Birther Summit offers $5K for 1961 Honolulu newspaper	 city-data
Who is Barack Obama? Formative years Indonesia, world	 city-data
New York approves gay marriage	 city-data
The TRUTH about Socialism.	 city-data
Why are there so many black teen thugs?	 city-data
Lets leave it to the people. Is the term ghetto goon racist?	 city-data
Liberals are very intolerant people	 city-data
Only 54,000 Jobs Added in May, UE Rate Rises to 9.1%	 city-data
Barney Frank Confronts Woman At Town Hall Comparing Obama To Hitler	 city-data
What Religion killed more people on earth?	 city-data
Obama Silent As Marine Is Chained To Bed In Mexican Jail On Trumped Up Charges	 city-data
What same-sex "marriage" has done to Massachusetts	 city-data
How to avoid getting racially profiled	 city-data
Quaddafi captured	 city-data
Black teen beaten by cops for jaywalking	 city-data
Pay Attention Liberals: Background Checks Would Not Have Stopped Even A Single Recent Mass Shooting	 city-data
Trump News Conference	 city-data
"You don't need a gun, if you make wise choices in life"	 city-data
God (If you're real) Bless President Barack Obama	 city-data
I Can't Stand The Word "African-American"	 city-data
Nativity scene, is this just plain wrong?	 city-data
Outrage over cheerios ad with mixed race family	 city-data
People need to start talking about the rental market CRISIS!!	 city-data
Barack Obama OWNS The Sequester	 city-data
***Dark Days in Dallas***	 city-data
Student Loans, Bad Decisions, and the Bailout Mentality	 city-data
abortion and the death penalty... why do Democrats support killing babies but not murderers?	 city-data
Kennesaw GA Says No To Mosque	 city-data
Can liberals explain why they take issue with the "wealth gap"?	 city-data
Enough black defensiveness	 city-data
White House's Call For Informants: If You Oppose Obamacare, Even in ‘Casual Conversation,’ the White House Wants to Know	 city-data
Why the government should promote heterosexual marriage	 city-data
Boy Scouts vote to allow gay youths only.  What happens in 2 years?	 city-data
Rick Perry and Texas Secession:  Unpatriotic	 city-data
I Have The Right To Refuse Service: Restaurant Owner Turns Away Gay Rights Group After He Learned What They Advocate	 city-data
City of Minneapolis replaces Columbus Day with "Indigenous Peoples Day"	 city-data
Calif state Supreme Court upholds Prop 8 ban on same-sex marriages	 city-data
Will Orange County ever become built up?	 city-data
Any Thoughts on Hudson?	 city-data
Should New York state split in half????	 city-data
What place has cool weather, mild humidity in summer, colonial/victorian houses, ok economy and isn't in Colorado?	 city-data
Which Upstate City has the Best Quality of Life?	 city-data
Ithaca for Cornell -- what's it like?	 city-data
What do I need to enter Canada.......	 city-data
Fort Drum area	 city-data
Help me find a veggie friendly, sunny place in the mountains.	 city-data
Towns north of Ithaca?	 city-data
Most common trees in New York state?	 city-data
Moving to New York	 city-data
Which University should I go to?	 city-data
Most Popular Media Outlets in NYS Cities	 city-data
Beacon neighborhoods	 city-data
Can we afford to live in Ithaca?	 city-data
Organic Homeschooling Sweet Family, leaving Hawaii to?	 city-data
Forest Cover by Percent, US States	 city-data
Predict next State or Region to "Boom"	 city-data
States Most Famous Brand	 city-data
Metros in the Mountains	 city-data
United States Balkanization. Your Thoughts?	 city-data
why would one prefer to live in USA over Canada	 city-data
Would you consider Oregon and Washington part of the "Sunbelt"?	 city-data
Do African-Americans in the South also have that "Southern Pride?"	 city-data
Will Texas Surpass California in population?	 city-data
Border cities that don't belong in their state?	 city-data
The hipster epidemic	 city-data
Which cites would you pick?? (Northerners)	 city-data
What is the most NORTHERN state?	 city-data
U.S. Citites (Most Attractive African American Women)??	 city-data
The next Detroit	 city-data
Post the least urban streetview you can find of an otherwise urban city	 city-data
Large city with high elevation?	 city-data
America's worst cities/metros	 city-data
California home to 10% of World's Billionaires	 city-data
Best City for an African American Gay Male	 city-data
Toronto's Place in the US	 city-data
I paid $4 a gallon for gas today. How much is it where you are?	 city-data
The South is crippled by a little snow	 city-data
Cities that made the book, "The Worst Towns In The U.S.A." By Maurice Crow	 city-data
Question? Does the states inhabitants have anything to do with the states location?	 city-data
Classify this guy's accent	 city-data
State to State Comparison - Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma, Arkansas	 city-data
Most (Least) Prestigious Regions of the U.S.	 city-data
Does simply being born in the South make one a true Southerner?	 city-data
Why are Montana, Wyoming, and Idaho so unpopulated?	 city-data
Intensely beautiful places	 city-data
If you could add a huge number of any demographic or people to your city who would they be?	 city-data
Which timezone is the best?	 city-data
Favorite Chain Restaurant	 city-data
What are your three favorite states and why do you like them so much?	 city-data
Does Anyone In Florida Drink Good Beer???	 city-data
Smoking in bars/clubs in Florida	 city-data
NY state vs.  Florida state	 city-data
Florida sexual offender list	 city-data
FL drivers-Are they really that bad?	 city-data
Muggy Said:  Doesn't Florida suck now that your house isn't paying you to be here?	 city-data
Moving to FL.. ???'s... also, East Coast Beaches VS West??	 city-data
Ain't no cure for the summertime blues	 city-data
What is the outlook, waiting time for selling real estate?	 city-data
Most meaningless city/town in Florida?	 city-data
Top Florida Towns For Families	 city-data
Educational attainment of Florida forumers	 city-data
Making Friends In Florida	 city-data
The Cleansing of Florida!	 city-data
Actually Regarding The MI/Midwest Migration Question And Fl	 city-data
Is it possible to live in a car in South Florida?	 city-data
Florida has a U6 unemployment rate of 11.5%. We near a decade of recession level unemployment	 city-data
Let's compare north Florida to south Florida and see why	 city-data
should you buy now ?	 city-data
Cottondale FL speed trap	 city-data
Florida #10 Most Corrupt State	 city-data
Do I get rid of ALL of my winter stuff??	 city-data
Florida forumers- Entering or leaving	 city-data
Williams Tower (Houston) vs Bank of America Plaza (Dallas)	 city-data
Anything worth visiting in West Texas? Or is there really nothing out there?	 city-data
How bad are the attitudes and unfriendliness in TX?	 city-data
Beer Drinking in Texas thread	 city-data
Travis County Sheriff	 city-data
Best Texas drives..........	 city-data
What areas in Texas are the coldest regions?	 city-data
Most beautiful college/university campus in Texas	 city-data
"Children find body in Waco neighborhood" WacoTrib.com, September 19 2014.	 city-data
Dallas gets a bad rap for not being as progressive as Austin and Houston...	 city-data
Congrads TCU for accepting an invitation to join the BIG EAST conference	 city-data
Immigration divides conservatives among GOP (Evangelicals call for reform; hard-liners don't)	 city-data
Your Favorite Texas Hero	 city-data
Why are Hispanic men in Texas so indifferent torwards non Hispanics?	 city-data
You may live in Texas if......	 city-data
The southern accent in western Texas?	 city-data
Wichita Falls-TIA for feedback-moving there soon	 city-data
McAllen's "Changing Face"	 city-data
Boxer touts leadership in California TV ad	 city-data
Do you think California will be split in two?	 city-data
California is missing one key thing (and it's often fatal).	 city-data
Is it really so expensive to live in CA? Am I naive for thinking otherwise?	 city-data
CA Umeployment falls below 12% for the first time in 2 Years	 city-data
High housing payments: the new American nightmare	 city-data
Best Small Town in California	 city-data
California's unemployment rates: What can be done? Unreal!	 city-data
BART Janitor with $270,000 salary caught on video SLEEPING on the job	 city-data
The Golden State’s War on Itself	 city-data
how is fresno?	 city-data
Republican Win's	 city-data
California's torture problem	 city-data
New Taxes: Find out how much more you'll owe here:	 city-data
Now CA wants to give illegals healthcare and other benefits	 city-data
California has put up a giant “Go Away” sign to small business owners	 city-data
Why is Last Call for alcohol just 1:30AM in California!?	 city-data
How come California homes have no basement?	 city-data
Please Don't Feed The Homeless - Outside My Building!	 city-data
Is anyone thrilled with their child's school?	 city-data
Jerry Brown for President?	 city-data
Rick Perry asking California for money, you gotta be kidding?	 city-data
Looking to rent a single family home or town house in Putnam County where Section 8 is accepted..	 city-data
NY has taken enough from the Indian Tribes	 city-data
Relocating to Rome, New York	 city-data
Ithaca, NY homes	 city-data
Moving to Rockland County	 city-data
cheapest areas in NY?	 city-data
Binghamton NY	 city-data
Olean, NY photo tour	 city-data
School districts with urban, suburban and rural environments	 city-data
Florida graduation rates one of the lowest	 city-data
I need some help, I'm relocating to Florida in January, need help choosing location	 city-data
State of Florida CONTINUES to be a national embarassment with its violent crime....	 city-data
This forum can ruin a new buyer's mood....	 city-data
Best city to live in Florida BUT...........	 city-data
Rednecks in Northeast Fla	 city-data
Ny--fl	 city-data
scrubjays anyone??	 city-data
Is there any part of Florida that could be called "Southern" any more?	 city-data
State Parks to become Jack Nicklaus Golf Courses	 city-data
Someone tell my why they LOVE FLA	 city-data
Another Reason to HATE HOA Associations	 city-data
PUBLIX do they hire Full time store positions and what is the starting pay please for store positions?	 city-data
Yes returning AGAIN...	 city-data
What would FL be like without Yankees?	 city-data
If you are pulled over with an expired Tag on your License Plate in Florida	 city-data
Wild Animals in Florida	 city-data
Ye-s-s-s !!!!   I bought a House !!!	 city-data
A place for intellectuals	 city-data
Florida customs, traditions, slang, and good manners	 city-data
Where to escape from Florida's summer heat and humidity?	 city-data
oil spill, this can't be good	 city-data
New England vs. Florida	 city-data
Are German Americans seen as 'ethnic' in the South?	 city-data
Hot summers vs Cold winters	 city-data
most superficial	 city-data
Louisiana is not a true Southern state	 city-data
why is there so much spanish writing on products and things?	 city-data
Most popular CD cities?	 city-data
Where's the Best Barbeque in the Nation?	 city-data
The most liberal and conservative major cities in US?	 city-data
Are there rednecks in big cities (L.A., Space City, Chicago, ATL)	 city-data
City with most aggressive bums	 city-data
Favorite New England state?	 city-data
matching northern cities with southern cities	 city-data
Southern Experience	 city-data
I don't get it... How can Americans can be dissatisfied with their standard of living?	 city-data
Best US Cities for Medicine	 city-data
Have you ever been called a Gringo?	 city-data
Do You Take Off Your Shoes At Home? Which State/Area Are You From?	 city-data
Adjusted for COL is the West poorer than the South?	 city-data
How racist is the rural South?	 city-data
Small And Big Towns With Funny Names	 city-data
Best place in the south to live for an old-money southern experience? Want Southern Charm, Manners and Lifestyle.	 city-data
Chicago, IL or Houston, TX	 city-data
Have to Get Out of Texas - Recommend a Place to Move?	 city-data
Are black girl/white guy couples the rarest form of interracial relationship in the USA?	 city-data
Houston, Texas vs Phoenix, Arizona?	 city-data
Moving from Atlanta to the South	 city-data
What southern state has the most friendly people?	 city-data
Most overshadowed Major city in the US	 city-data
If You Move From The South To The North, Do You Still Have To Refight The Civil War And Other Stereotypes?	 city-data
Whats the furthest North/South you could live?	 city-data
What State Or Province Has The Coolest License Plates?	 city-data
Which is worse, a Pacific Northwest winter or Northeast winter?	 city-data
What states you would visit and love to live in, could live in, and never live.	 city-data
Hot Weather	 city-data
Is Houston More Expensive Than Dallas/DFW?	 city-data
Follow up to Texas Reb's Yankee thread !	 city-data
a safe place to live in Texas ?	 city-data
Mexico Border Towns - Which one should I visit?	 city-data
Want to move from FL to TX, whats the best area for horse lovers?	 city-data
Driver gets ticket for driving too slow 63 in a 65	 city-data
A Day in the life of a Texan (in pictorials)-add yours!	 city-data
Does It Snow In Texas?	 city-data
Upset Texas driver	 city-data
Crossing the border in Laredo, TX...?	 city-data
Californians that moved to Texas..........	 city-data
Fort Worth has some "EXPLICIT" words for Dallas gearing up for the Super bowl	 city-data
ALERT!!! Californians Moving to Texas	 city-data
Let's rename the Cowboys	 city-data
I am looking for a new town 60-100 from Dallas, with trees.	 city-data
National Main Dish of Texas	 city-data
Anyone familiar with Conner Feud in Sabine County?	 city-data
Texas Hauntings and Urban Legends	 city-data
Please define a "Texas Girl"	 city-data
Big Texan Steak Ranch	 city-data
OK! Yall regulars on here...I've been dying to know	 city-data
Best Big City	 city-data
What Are The Friendliest Cities In Texas?	 city-data
Texas Beers	 city-data
Which candidate will win your city/town?	 city-data
How often do people of San Antonio, Austin, Dallas, and Houston interact with each other?	 city-data
Clause of Eternal Burden	 city-data
Why is southern California portrayed as having an endless summer?	 city-data
Question about California labor code - my wife's department at work is not allowed to take lunch	 city-data
I hate front license plates! Why are they needed?	 city-data
U.S. News - California governor calls for higher taxes, 4-day state workweek to fill $16 billion gap	 city-data
Forbes Ranked California One of the Worst States to Make a Living in - 2015	 city-data
Arcata: City of Pot	 city-data
6 dead in Seal Beach hair salon shooting	 city-data
Why do people not WAVE  in rural CA?	 city-data
California is a little more crowded now!	 city-data
Big Pumpin': Gas Prices Shoot Up Over Past Two Days	 city-data
National test puts California students on bottom	 city-data
This recent storm	 city-data
Increased taxes	 city-data
Retiring LA County workers collect $48 million for unused time off	 city-data
Is California Really That Bad?	 city-data
What exactly is the California vowel shift?	 city-data
Are California's taxes too high or too low?	 city-data
CA Native Tired of CA being the "Escape-To" State	 city-data
Is Clinton, NY really racist?	 city-data
Inexpensive & great neighborhoods	 city-data
Redwood NY	 city-data
Commute to Montreal from NYS?	 city-data
Is the Binghamton area nice?	 city-data
Opinions, advice - We are relocating our family from Houston to East Coast	 city-data
Hello NY!	 city-data
Moving to Middeltown area info needed - housing schools, etc	 city-data
Rockland County vs Westchester County (pros/cons)	 city-data
plattsubugh NY	 city-data
Sidney/Delhi, Delaware Co. impressions	 city-data
(Yet Another) Plea for a "Hudson Valley" Section	 city-data
What's Cornwall like?	 city-data
Thinking of Relocating to Florida from NJ-Advice Please!	 city-data
Florida Haters & Lovers, What Do You Use for Comparison?	 city-data
I miss the cold, come back please!	 city-data
Another great reason for a family to move to Florida(NOT)	 city-data
I dont understand the "no state income tax" argument	 city-data
Best Place to Raise a Family in Florida??	 city-data
FL vs CA?	 city-data
How bad is this algae bloom?	 city-data
Living in Florida	 city-data
Pets moving to FL	 city-data
Looking for an elitist area in Florida	 city-data
please help --- need comments/suggestion	 city-data
Florida's Hell Heat !	 city-data
Move to cut jobless benefits grows	 city-data
Whats everyone talking about?	 city-data
What city is the best to live in with the BEST school district, ?	 city-data
For those who have left Florida and came back	 city-data
winter vs. summer	 city-data
Hillary Clinton Benghazi hearing	 city-data
Dead Syrian three year old boy picture sparks refugee furor.	 city-data
So all hatred aside...how is everyone doing on this frosty November night?	 city-data
Peoria Mob - 'Kill All The White People'	 city-data
The hypocrisy of Feminists and Abortion	 city-data
Why don't conservatives offer minwage solutions instead of just blasting proponents?	 city-data
A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms	 city-data
47% of Detroit 'functionally illiterate'.	 city-data
Wal-Mart will abandon D.C. if city passes living-wage law	 city-data
Should the minimum wage be increased?	 city-data
Unbelievable hatred of Obama	 city-data
Are the poor poor becuase the rich are rich?	 city-data
Obama's Social Security Number	 city-data
Trans Fats Get Banned	 city-data
Women's responsibility for rape	 city-data
Why do gun control people own guns?	 city-data
What is abortion?	 city-data
Several states are legislating to discriminate	 city-data
Great article on $15 per hour fast food pay	 city-data
Let's learn the whole truth about 9/11	 city-data
Conservative Colorado School Board Member: U.S. "Excpetional" Because We Ended Slavery Voluntarily	 city-data
Caught on video: Father with family in SUV chased, beaten by speed-demon bikers	 city-data
GOP Attempting to Keep People from Voting	 city-data
Syria. Situation Getting Complicated.	 city-data
In 1960 America was 91% white people	 city-data
How were conservatives justifying the Iraq war after it was revealed that no WMD were found?	 city-data
The Olympic Opening Ceremony Was a Political Showcase	 city-data
Do you support life equality?	 city-data
Is sexual "preferance" a choice?	 city-data
Gay Agenda: Girls Told to Ask for Lesbian Kiss at School	 city-data
Left Wing Policies has destroyed Canada	 city-data
March For Life Rally today; overwhelmingly women	 city-data
And so it begins...2 Cops ambushed in Bed-Stuy	 city-data
Black teenager in Florida gunned down over loud music, white male accused claims stand your ground	 city-data
Baltimore will pay 6.4 million to Freddie Gray's family	 city-data
Students taught: It's unfair to be white	 city-data
To those who hate diversity and multiculturalism, think about this:	 city-data
Has socialism ever been successful? Examples, please?	 city-data
Are blacks really bad tippers?	 city-data
What are your preferences on "anchor babies"	 city-data
Is fear of a Black man justified?	 city-data
New Declassified Benghazi Transcripts: Top Defense Officials Briefed Obama On Attack Not Video Or Protest---Obama Lied	 city-data
America 1950 vs America 2012	 city-data
Riot Hits North London After Police Shooting Death	 city-data
Helen Thomas tells Jews to go back to Germany and Poland	 city-data
Meg Whitman Scandal about to break! - Beware the nanny!	 city-data
Russian Fighter reportedly shot down after violating Turkish Airspace	 city-data
The Physics of 9/11 versus Conspiracy Theories about 9/11	 city-data
Restructure Welfare & Leave My Health Care Alone!	 city-data
Pro-life billboards - what's your opinion?	 city-data
Si Senor, U.S. Becomining A Hispanic Country	 city-data
Inherent contradiction in conservative views on abortion.	 city-data
English Law Required a Subject Father to Make a Natural Born Subject	 city-data
Why take small children into a theater?	 city-data
Blacks in Math and Science: Let's Get Those Numbers Up People!!	 city-data
city of SeaTac, WA passes $15/hr minimum wage.	 city-data
I don't think a lot of people realize how poor a lot of Americans are	 city-data
Let's get socialized healthcare... It's freeee!!!!!	 city-data
What is an assault weapon?	 city-data
Obama shuts down three more coal plants	 city-data
The Decline Of America: Student Loan Forgiveness Act Of 2012 Introduced	 city-data
'We don't shower for a month... and we're often naked': Male soldiers warn female comrades of harsh conditions on frontl	 city-data
Official Thread: Hurricane Irene	 city-data
Putin Writes New York Times Op-ed - Slams Obama	 city-data
Tax the Rich!	 city-data
Should GLBT History Be Taught In Public Schools (K-12)?	 city-data
Government overreach is sparking reactions	 city-data
Pa abortion doctor killed viable fetuses w/scissors during illegal abortions	 city-data
Idiot doesn't leave a tip; blames Obama	 city-data
Why are gangs like the Bloods and Crips popping up in cities all over America?	 city-data
Which large city in the US is the least similar to the rest of its state?	 city-data
Author explodes myths about big city living...	 city-data
Which US City should be next in line to host the Olympics?	 city-data
Stereotype Each City/Region	 city-data
worst insects in your state	 city-data
Which state do you think represents all regions of America?	 city-data
The Mid-Atlantic States	 city-data
Liberal cities in the South or West??	 city-data
Midwesterners: more like Northeasterners or Southerners?	 city-data
What is your biggest gripe about where you live?	 city-data
Why did the South used to have positive stereotypes and now only bad ones?	 city-data
Northerners Moving South	 city-data
Which of these do you see as one metro area?	 city-data
Cities in your State detrimental to it's image	 city-data
Upper class blacks around the country?	 city-data
Are Arizona and New Mexico part of the South?	 city-data
Most impressive bridges in the US (photos encouraged)	 city-data
Am I the only one that LOVES the NYC/Long Island/New Jersey accent?	 city-data
East or West coast? Which do you prefer and why?	 city-data
The C/D food basket: contribute your city's signature dish	 city-data
Places to Build an Interstate Highway	 city-data
Los angeles a world class city	 city-data
Which U.S region has the most palm trees?	 city-data
America's 10 Best Downtowns	 city-data
FORGOTTEN STATES: Least known states in America..your opinion?	 city-data
Why did Texas become the most misunderstood/least understood state?	 city-data
A summer in the US. Where to go?	 city-data
"The Hipster States of America"	 city-data
Urban or Suburban life: Which do you prefer??	 city-data
'Normalest' part of America?	 city-data
What do you think are the "gateway" cities to the American South?	 city-data
Unusually warm weather continues...	 city-data
Are American Cities Too Ugly?	 city-data
What's up with the huge migration of Californians to TX???	 city-data
Your favorite accents?	 city-data
Do you feel the American "ambiance" is weaker in the West?	 city-data
Which "coast" term do you prefer for the Great Lakes region?	 city-data
What do you think about the Eureka, Arcata, McKinleyville, Humboldt area?	 city-data
What would you say is California's "signature song"?	 city-data
California Government #1 in US for Transparency	 city-data
Meg Whitman stinks pretty bad	 city-data
51 years old; thinking of leaving Southern California.	 city-data
Moving to CA from suburban MA, decisions decisions	 city-data
California still exists, even in SoCal	 city-data
Get sued if your business doesn't speak every language on Earth	 city-data
Solution to California's budget crisis: Legalize marijuana.	 city-data
Farmers Go In Big For Almonds As Water Dries Up	 city-data
Los Angeles vs San Francisco: Which city is more cosmopolitan?	 city-data
Favorite Song(s) About California	 city-data
Do you think that riots in CA is a realistic scenario for the future?	 city-data
California licence plate is ugly	 city-data
Another grocery strike??!?!?!??!?	 city-data
CA to allow illegals to get drivers liceses.	 city-data
San Luis Obispo - suburban or urban?	 city-data
Best cities in Cali if you are gay and not rich?	 city-data
Daughter wants to go to college in California	 city-data
Car tax could triple	 city-data
November 2014 ballot propositions	 city-data
New Paltz, NY	 city-data
Reccomend a place for me?	 city-data
What is family life like in Woodstock, N.Y.?	 city-data
farmers markets?	 city-data
Racism in Rockland County NY?	 city-data
Speeding Ticket in Candor, Owego, NY	 city-data
Andes, Bovina, New Kingston, Margaretville, Roxbury, Stamford | General Discussion	 city-data
Speeding ticket on 81 in County of Cortland	 city-data
Where In Upstate NY Please	 city-data
Places in Upstate NY with some degree of walkability that are not in a city or village	 city-data
Bon Aire Park in Suffern, NY...	 city-data
Favorite upstate regional hot dog? (Poll)	 city-data
New York in 2040	 city-data
Contractors/construction	 city-data
Can you fill in the blanks about Ulster County??	 city-data
Schlumberger...Good Company To Work For?	 city-data
Got my list, so how do I make a decision?	 city-data
Perry vetoes "Buy American" bill	 city-data
Rick Perry Indicted	 city-data
HEB buys out 3 Albertsons stores in Texas.	 city-data
Ignorant Texans	 city-data
What is the largest school in Texas???	 city-data
Watch out Whataburger!- In n Out's coming to Texas	 city-data
Lordy! It is hot!	 city-data
Where in Texas is MOST mixed in race?	 city-data
Borger, Texas	 city-data
Who is the real danger on the Texas roads?	 city-data
Top 10 Texan personalities of all times...	 city-data
Best food city in Texas?	 city-data
Possibly moving to Denison.  What are the people and town like?	 city-data
Texas's Next Coolest City!	 city-data
To find the "Real Texas," where should I go, what should I eat, drink, see, and do?	 city-data
RO*TEL....just a Texas and Southwest staple?	 city-data
Wind Farms	 city-data
Roadrunner Sightings Outside of West Texas	 city-data
Texan's Cheese Poll	 city-data
Poll:  Your opinion on the possession of "military style" semi-automatic rifles.	 city-data
We Need Rain in Texas	 city-data
Dallas/Ft Worth to Houston in 90 Minutes?  WHAT?	 city-data
I just Visited The Woodlands in NW Houston	 city-data
Which major Texas city will become minor?	 city-data
Sad News for (Texas forum regular) TexasReb	 city-data
Feds To Require Gun Sale Notification	 city-data
Tide turning in Florida (article)	 city-data
Moving to the Florida Keys?	 city-data
ok, let's help the state of Florida by raising the home prices.	 city-data
Help? Where Should We Live In Fl!?!?	 city-data
Where do the "old" people live in Florida	 city-data
Florida Considers Lowering Minimum Wage To $2.13 For Tipped Employees	 city-data
Save our Homes or Super Exemption?	 city-data
Has anyone lived in Texas and Florida to compare?	 city-data
Regulators are actually not helping our unemployment problem	 city-data
Southern Florida VS Arizona	 city-data
Are there any safe towns or areas to live in Florida?	 city-data
Need advice-Has anyone just packed up&moved w/no job because they can't stand where they're living anymore?	 city-data
Is there any place in Florida with a decent amount of jobs and pay that coincides with cost of living	 city-data
5 years of Central Florida in review	 city-data
Study: Florida High Speed Rail would have been profitable	 city-data
Will Florida ever pass "CELL PHONE PROHIBITED WHILE DRIVING" ?!	 city-data
Cold front blasting through this weekend	 city-data
Exorbinant cost for New Car Plate/License Transfer if you move here.	 city-data
Ever seen an alligator in Florida?	 city-data
Attractive job market in Florida?	 city-data
Moving to Upstate New York from Ohio	 city-data
Walkable towns with 2-3 hours commute to Manhattan	 city-data
Why is New York State so much more Republican than neighboring New England?	 city-data
Quietest Town within an hour or so of NYC	 city-data
Population density by city	 city-data
Limbaugh Leaves New York Because of Tax Increases	 city-data
Key places to travel in NY	 city-data
New York State vacation?	 city-data
Does any other state have a public school system (college) like New York does with their SUNY/CUNY system?	 city-data
Best place to camp in NYS	 city-data
Cali girl lookin 2 make n.y my home good/bad idea??	 city-data
East Fishkill or Malta	 city-data
Meeting people in Watertown, NY	 city-data
Personalities of California Cities	 city-data
Is California the only state with such a high number of Hispanics?	 city-data
Undecided voters: California Write-In Presidential Candidates	 city-data
Visalia/Fresno/Bakersfield Vs. Santa Maria/Lompoc?	 city-data
Dream living - money not an issue	 city-data
Don't you guys get frusturated with the rent prices here?	 city-data
I could easily resolve California's budget crisis.  Within a matter of months.	 city-data
California:  Raise taxes wealthy and business will flea, cut services, poor will end up homeless	 city-data
San Francisco rent raised 400%	 city-data
New $1000 fine for throwing football or frisbee at the beach	 city-data
Sixteen Reasons to Leave California.	 city-data
LA to give illegals over 650 million welfare handout	 city-data
Help!  Is there any affordable place left in California?	 city-data
Prop 30	 city-data
I asked and I received - Humor Map of California	 city-data
Survey finds Californians back tax extensions	 city-data
Barstow, The Next Great California Megapolis	 city-data
Teacher, Amy Beck, Admits to Having Sex with 14-year-old Student	 city-data
Federal tax dollars are being used to bail out CA homeowners	 city-data
Foreclosures in California up 799%	 city-data
If you enjoy earthquakes you'll love California!!	 city-data
California's future population projections	 city-data
List of safest to least safest cities in California	 city-data
Why California's gas is so expensive.	 city-data
British student exchange - Cali universities: Which one to go to?	 city-data
Which city has these 10 criteria??	 city-data
Please help ultra-liberal family find home!!	 city-data
States where the second largest metro outshines the largest metro?	 city-data
What's the South like?	 city-data
300,000 For House-Where To Buy	 city-data
How does the majority of your town feel about Obama being officially in?	 city-data
The U.S. Has Five "Capitals"	 city-data
Favorite U.S. & Canadian large cities...	 city-data
The most sprawling U.S. cities with a population 100K and over	 city-data
Why are Chicago and Philly affordable?	 city-data
Global cities index 2008	 city-data
Top 300 worst cities to live.	 city-data
places not on the west coast that have perfect weather	 city-data
Smelliest cities? Which cities have the most overbearing stench?	 city-data
Why are parks in American cities so deserted?	 city-data
If You Were to Move to the Midwest (Not Chicago)	 city-data
The most annoying commercials!!	 city-data
Cities which should be merged...	 city-data
What state do you live in and what do you like about your state?	 city-data
Popular destinations you have no desire to visit	 city-data
Are you happy and proud of being born in the USA?	 city-data
Is it every American's duty to know all 50 states?	 city-data
Which U.S. region has the Best cities overall?	 city-data
Do you like this city?	 city-data
What is the most valuable city in the US? (excluding NYC and DC)	 city-data
Which U.S cities are too unique to be compared to other U.S.cities	 city-data
u.s. population density map	 city-data
Conservative Cities...	 city-data
Midwest has the worst weather in the US	 city-data
Where are you from, Where are you now, and Where is your home?	 city-data
How and Why has Atlanta Grown So Much?	 city-data
Best Cities for Single Men 2013	 city-data
What are the most lively downtowns in the U.S.?	 city-data
Unsuspecting locales/areas in terms of African-American history......	 city-data
Why is Northern culture allowed to be so dominant?	 city-data
What Are The Best Christmas Time Cities In The US?	 city-data
The most learned foreign languages inthe USA ?	 city-data
Which US city has the best colleges??	 city-data
Which metro area/Region in the US has the most basements	 city-data
Which bordering states are the most different in culture?	 city-data
Travel plan in Texas	 city-data
West Texas Pictures	 city-data
Are liquor stores ever going to be open on Sundays?	 city-data
Security deposit small claims??	 city-data
Severe weather in Texas 2015	 city-data
More Strange Texas Weather Patterns	 city-data
Texas Lingo	 city-data
Common Law Marriage, TX, determing heirship	 city-data
For a family - Houston or Dallas?	 city-data
King of The Hill	 city-data
My God look at all the Texas in-migration!	 city-data
How bad is Killeen?	 city-data
solar power generation.	 city-data
Brazilian Churrasco is better than Texas BBQ	 city-data
Texas, a toss-up state?	 city-data
what makes a little town grow	 city-data
Top US Cities park systems: TX scores poorly	 city-data
Texas pride	 city-data
Laredo?	 city-data
Fat Texas?	 city-data
Diversity of Mid-Sized Texas Cities by 2010 Census	 city-data
which is more conservative ..dallas or houston metro?	 city-data
I want to move to Texas but need help narrowing it down to which cities to consider (colleges, economy, etc.)	 city-data
Florida wages	 city-data
Red Light Traffic Cameras	 city-data
Will someone else stand up for Fla schools	 city-data
Average Salary of Florida Metro Areas	 city-data
It would be great if....	 city-data
Do you think Central Florida will have longevity to remain it's own, or will it mimic certain S. Florida traits?	 city-data
Boulder in FL?	 city-data
Please open your eyes	 city-data
Is there something wrong with me?	 city-data
Those who think about moving to Gainesville Florida	 city-data
Florida condos very overpriced. Should be $50k, not $150k!	 city-data
I cannot believe Northport,FL has decent homes for 100K-130K why is this?	 city-data
Do you think Florida is a good place to live?	 city-data
Anyone have pics of the hills around Clermont?	 city-data
people moving back to northeast	 city-data
Florida to become part of New Jersey	 city-data
How do you afford to be a snowbird?	 city-data
Moving to Florida...What is the fine for NOT registering your vehicle??	 city-data
Re-Locating to Lakeland, FL & Need help renting with pitbulls.	 city-data
What cities in FL AREN'T overrun w/ homosexuals??	 city-data
Obamacare to cover ALL birth control pills-NO copay!	 city-data
Most Now Oppose an Assault Weapons Ban	 city-data
Sandy Hook families my now proceed in suing the manufacture for the horrible action that nutcase Adam Lanza performed	 city-data
University of Wisconsin offers "The Problem of Whiteness" Class	 city-data
Goodbye, net neutrality; hello, net discrimination	 city-data
At least five dead in Florida airport shooting	 city-data
Ban On Homosexuals (DADT) in the Military Repealed	 city-data
For those who claim "if every person in that theater was carrying a concealed weapon blablabla...	 city-data
The Left's Moral Perversion; Chicago Public Schools Will Start Sex Education In Kindergarten	 city-data
News, Eat this cookie and die, Feds ban school’s beloved "pink cookie"	 city-data
Why hate socialism so much???????????	 city-data
Should Christmas decorations be allowed in public places?	 city-data
Why do people dream about owning such big houses.	 city-data
Michael Jackson is Dead	 city-data
McChrystal submits resignation	 city-data
Monkeys, Vaccines, Autism	 city-data
US Census 2010 Form	 city-data
The Average Hourly Wage In The U.S. Is $23.78	 city-data
Justice Scalia found dead at 79	 city-data
Seat Belt Laws: For or Against?? (Post Initial Thread Re-Vote)	 city-data
Whyis smoking cigarettes bad, but smoking pot is good?	 city-data
Do you honestly, absolutely believe in global warming?	 city-data
How Did GW Bush Cause Our Current Economic Problems?	 city-data
2013 Will Finish One Of The Ten Coldest Years In US History---Hey AL Gore Whats Going on Here?	 city-data
Time to start cracking down on smokers	 city-data
Sandy - now NO assault weapon used - WTH	 city-data
Another school shooting (06-10-2014 at 09:47 AM).	 city-data
CBS Democratic Debate 9 PM EST 11/14/15	 city-data
Wal Mart/High Price for Low Cost!  Shocking!!!	 city-data
Bill Maher on the difference between Islam and Christianity.	 city-data
"Career Women"	 city-data
ALL Dog/Pet/Animal Lovers...Please Read and Take Action Against Palin	 city-data
The rise of Christianphobia in the mainstream media	 city-data
Tamir Rice grand jury declines to charge police officers - grand juries are a pawn of county prosecutors	 city-data
Ashley Furniture Pulling Out of California: 840 Workers	 city-data
Marriage is the safest place for women	 city-data
Dear Leader has spoken, "Cut Household Spending to Afford Health Care Law"	 city-data
Black Neighbor of Zimmerman: "There were black boys robbing houses in this neighborhood,"	 city-data
Molly Norris, Artist Behind 'Everybody Draw Mohammad Day' Cartoon, Goes Into Hiding	 city-data
Can anyone tell me why America become a minority majority county is a good thing?	 city-data
More marijuana news and negative consequences	 city-data
Why is racism against Whites tolerated?	 city-data
Back to REAL news. New Benghazi emails mean Obama impeachment should be launched. Coordinated effort to cover for Obama	 city-data
Connecticut - passes emotional, illogical ammo/gun laws	 city-data
Question about EBT food stamps	 city-data
ACLU leader quits after daughters encounter males in	 city-data
Can someone explain to me again why it's fair for me to be taxed at 2x the rate of ppl earning 20-150x my annual income?	 city-data
Liberals, Why do you oppose securing the Southern Border?	 city-data
TX Gov Rick Perry urges Boy Scouts to continue ban on gays	 city-data
Birth Certificate definitely a fake, simple test reveals.	 city-data
A taste of what happens when food stamps inevitably grind to a halt	 city-data
The Prejudice Against Ethnic Names	 city-data
What African-Americans may want to do in order to Progress Further in Amer. Society	 city-data
Are you prepared for the coming Civil War?	 city-data
Should Spanking your Kids Be Legal?  Should Spanking your Kids be Illegal?	 city-data
Neil deGrasse Tyson: Troll of the Year	 city-data
Dominicans Struggle With Blackness	 city-data
Libertarianism is dying, if not dead already	 city-data
The handicap spot	 city-data
Why is Climate Change So Controversial?	 city-data
The Dugger Family Posts Pictures Of Their Stillborn Baby Online Sending Liberals Into Madness Across The USA	 city-data
Police Kill Man that Pulled a Gun Near Ferguson	 city-data
MORE U.S. atrocities	 city-data
Are DUI Checkpoints Unconstitutional??	 city-data
Why are feminists so against men's rights advocacy groups?	 city-data
Trump asks - How did obama get into the Ivies?	 city-data
BREAKING NEWS: Confirmed sighting of Christopher Dorner shots fired.	 city-data
How Would Universal Background Checks Be Enforced???	 city-data
Thinking of moving to Monroe in Orange County	 city-data
Rockland County...considering moving to rockland,need advice	 city-data
From Brooklyn to Beacon, Cold Spring or Garrison?	 city-data
New Amsterdam? Really?	 city-data
Historic city neighborhoods	 city-data
Life in Ithaca	 city-data
Which parts of upstate NY have an active outdoors 'scene'?	 city-data
How grim are these cities & towns/counties?	 city-data
I'm scared...	 city-data
4 storms to hit ca	 city-data
California is Bankrupt	 city-data
How do people afford UCs these days?	 city-data
ex-felon in possesion of a firearm	 city-data
Fresno for Native Arizonian...	 city-data
single mother of 1 looking for change	 city-data
Jerry Brown Announces for Gov Race	 city-data
Local harvest resource	 city-data
Idiot Brown vetos allowing use of carpool lanes by all during non peak hours.	 city-data
HGTV Dream Home in Sonoma	 city-data
The "flee" is official!	 city-data
Do you identify firstly as a Californian or as an American?	 city-data
Why Does California Have a Stereotype For Having the Most Beautiful Women?	 city-data
Good news, California: Surplus is $2.4 billion	 city-data
Sacramento Kings moving to Orange County?	 city-data
Illegals not happy with new IDs	 city-data
Monterey or San Diego CA	 city-data
My thoughts on CA	 city-data
High speed rail for california? One group thinks so!	 city-data
moving to california, help me!	 city-data
What will California do when it's runs out of H2O?	 city-data
Should drought situation discourage future resident?	 city-data
Why is the Central Valley have alot of poverty and why is agriculture the primary industry?	 city-data
Is the "California Dream" basically about the search for "Perfection"?	 city-data
New State Of Jefferson	 city-data
OMG where is affordable, artsy-ish, sunny, near water in Cali?	 city-data
Stockton Filing for Bankruptcy	 city-data
How far south from the Oregon border is California considered the Pacific NW?	 city-data
Lesbian-friendly Texas	 city-data
School District in TX to Give Teachers Guns	 city-data
UT researchers say Lone Star twang is fading	 city-data
The Texas Wave and Pull Over	 city-data
Which Texas city has the largest LRT system?	 city-data
Hi all	 city-data
TEXAS - Death Penalty	 city-data
Dr. Pepper sues Dublin plant	 city-data
looking for a smaller town	 city-data
Blue Cross Blue Shield of Texas drops CVS pharmacy	 city-data
Question about Texans who don't want big government or "nanny state"	 city-data
Why does I-27 exist?	 city-data
Rick Perry close to a milestone has executed almost 200 more than any Texas gov	 city-data
Question about Texas : Atheists are hated there ?	 city-data
Will Texas host back to back Superbowls?	 city-data
Oprah says Dallas IS Better than Houston!	 city-data
In what environment were you raised in?	 city-data
Worst big city in america (500,000 plus city)	 city-data
Americans: Do You Consider New York a Northern or Southern State?	 city-data
Which states, in your experience, are the most friendly?	 city-data
Are U.S. states outside of California really that boring?	 city-data
In-N-Out should expand to the East Coast!!!!	 city-data
What city do you consider to be the capital of Appalachia?	 city-data
Do Cities with Cold Climates have better people?	 city-data
Americas best and worst airports	 city-data
Which state has the most city-data forum users (lets see by voting for the state you currently live in)	 city-data
Gay Marriage Just Rendered "Legal" By CT State Supreme Court	 city-data
Best Lake Cities	 city-data
Which Is The Biggest Suburb In The Entire Uniited States ?	 city-data
Cities with a lot of tree-covered neighborhoods?	 city-data
Latino is not a race. Is Asian?	 city-data
What is a "hipster" and am I one?	 city-data
Why do Americans classify "Latinos/Hispanics", "Jews" and "Arabs" as races?	 city-data
I'm tired of the South hogging all the growth	 city-data
Does your city have a theme song?	 city-data
What do you consider coastal cities?	 city-data
Cities that grew just way too fast	 city-data
Favorite City in the Midwest??	 city-data
Best state for overall Christian Freedoms	 city-data
High speed rail in America	 city-data
Would you rather live in a earthquake prone area of hurricane?	 city-data
Mapquest ranks each US Interstate Highway	 city-data
What is your state best known for?	 city-data
Which states have the highest concentration of blondes girls?	 city-data
Southerners are Well-Groomed!	 city-data
What do Americans think of Toronto?	 city-data
What cities in the US have high baggy look , thug  or wannabe thug look.	 city-data
The American Accent	 city-data
How many states have you lived in?	 city-data
What are all the states in the USA that you could live in and enjoy?	 city-data
What state do people in your state MOST want to viait	 city-data
What large Southern US metro area would you want to live in?	 city-data
Your Best Places to Live? Take the Quiz	 city-data
What are your favorite U.S. cities and why? (merged topics)	 city-data
Does your state have unoffical boundaries?	 city-data
Alfred University	 city-data
Raleigh to Owego	 city-data
Wedding Venue in NY	 city-data
hopewell junction??	 city-data
Advice on relocation from California to Ithaca, NY	 city-data
Lake george ny	 city-data
Cortland, Oswego, Watertown and Wegmans	 city-data
Facing A Possible Move To Orangeburg, NY From the South	 city-data
Finger Lakes Wine Region - Budget Travel	 city-data
If there was a public vote for gay marriage in Florida, would you vote in favour or against it?	 city-data
Good cheap land in Florida for a mobile home	 city-data
Does "old" Florida still exist??	 city-data
Homeowners insurance rates too high	 city-data
Could we stop hurricanes from hitting Florida is we copy what they do in Hawaii?	 city-data
Any NC or NY transplants?  Opinions on Florida living...	 city-data
Do You Have Fireflies in Florida?	 city-data
Census: Income is Stagnant in Florida	 city-data
Lookin to move to FL but keep reading horrible things.	 city-data
Is it me or is Florida getting hotter every year?	 city-data
Florida Haters informal poll	 city-data
What happened to this country?	 city-data
Obama: Sex Ed for Kindergartners ‘Is the Right Thing to Do’	 city-data
A politically correct Christmas at Trader Joes	 city-data
US Assumes leadership role in Syria crises, the West follows.	 city-data
Target Breast Feeding Sit-in / Protest	 city-data
Why Aren't Conservative Women Worried About Losing Their Rights?	 city-data
Food stamp cuts	 city-data
NYPD allows turbans and beards	 city-data
Once Obamacare is repealed, please explain exactly what will replace it so 20 million Americans don't lose coverage	 city-data
Rodeo Clown discovers speech is not free	 city-data
News, No More Sodas for Food Stamps	 city-data
Explain the logic: anti abortion, birth control and welfare	 city-data
One Hundred Black teens beat up White couple in Norfolk	 city-data
Interpol Issues Warrant for Julian Assange	 city-data
Birther Lakin Wakes Up and Smells the Coffee.	 city-data
NC guy owns officer for carrying in open carry state	 city-data
Why did the Confederate states secede?	 city-data
Is homosexuality inherently destructive?	 city-data
Los Angeles to raise its minimum wage to $15/h...	 city-data
If your neighbor was growing marijuana, what would you do?	 city-data
Miss. School Prom off After Lesbian's Date Request	 city-data
Lots of advertisers are dropping Glenn Beck	 city-data
If the U.S. got rid of welfare, what would happen?	 city-data
What will it take to end homelessness once and for all?	 city-data
Let Israel destroy it's enemy once and for all!!	 city-data
How is water boarding torture?	 city-data
Looking like another huge up day on Wall Street.	 city-data
Confederate monument defaced with racist graffiti	 city-data
Mr. Ted Cruz signs up for Obamacare muHAHAHAHA	 city-data
Palin: Obama's "Death Panel" Could Kill My Down Syndrome Baby	 city-data
Why are Interracial Relationships Viewed As Social Progression and a positive thing in the U.S.?	 city-data
Trump stops Obama's transgender bathroom policy	 city-data
WOW! How they are teaching Sex Education in Switzerland!	 city-data
The USA isn't a free country	 city-data
More people fleeing the Blue States and moving to the Red States	 city-data
Top 400 taxpayers paid nearly as much as the bottom 50%.	 city-data
Evolution, GOD and complete Chaos	 city-data
The Strange Paradox of Not Acting White.	 city-data
Mr. President, military still uses bayonets	 city-data
"African-American"	 city-data
SCOTUS Hears Case That Could Kill College Affirmative Action	 city-data
Can someone tell me how Abortion is not the same as murder?	 city-data
News today:  Sarah's at a turning point	 city-data
Breitbarts NAACP Dinner Video....(merged threads-including resignation discussion)	 city-data
Non-smokers, do you believe smokers are treated wrongly?	 city-data
When did Healthcare become a "right"?	 city-data
THIS Is Why We Won't Compromise On Guns.....	 city-data
The Democrats Lied:  The Republicans do have a Health Plan	 city-data
Truth About Hillary's Bizarre Behavior	 city-data
Why do conservatives always think liberals should be tolerant of their beliefs but are never tolerant themselves?	 city-data
Do you think that children should be forced to recite the Pledge of Allegiance in Public Schools?	 city-data
Trump slams Nordstrom over dropping Ivanka's Clothing Line on official @POTUS twitter acct-Dangerous precedent?	 city-data
Most African Americans tell me that most open racism is from other non white ethnic groups	 city-data
Obama Trying To Muscle The Supreme Court	 city-data
Praying at public meetings...unbelievable...?	 city-data
I present to you the causes for homosexuality	 city-data
***DEMOCRATIC DEBATE***** 7pm cst	 city-data
Do you consider Cubans the most assimilated of Hispanics into American culture?	 city-data
CNN Sob Story: "Our Family Will Lose $44 in Food Stamps"	 city-data
Dad disowns his gay son in handwritten letter	 city-data
It was the CIA at Benghazi - A weapons deal	 city-data
Facebook page - "I support Officer Wilson" (Darren Wilson, Ferguson, MO)	 city-data
Mayor Bloomberg mandates flu shots for six-month-olds, dismisses concerned parents as 'crazies'	 city-data
Elizabeth Warren's 'kick-ass' class warfare rebuttal	 city-data
Come On Folks, Global Warming is Real	 city-data
South Carolina Governor Sanford: His whereabouts, his actions, your opinions	 city-data
Obama frames 'global warming' as national security threat...	 city-data
Cornbread and Milk mix Poll!	 city-data
Is Texas' economy getting worse?	 city-data
Bullet train from Dallas to Houston !	 city-data
You're in your early 30s, you're set financially, you're moving to Texas. Which city do you go to?	 city-data
If you couldn't live in Texas...	 city-data
Bloody violence in Reynosa (stay away, y'all!)	 city-data
Poll for 10 year+ Texans	 city-data
Where in Texas should I go?	 city-data
Anybody else tired of HS football in Texas?	 city-data
SMU Law v. UofH Law	 city-data
Contest: If you were charged with splitting up Texas into smaller states, which would be closer to how you would split i	 city-data
Newks and Applebee'saccording to the press has its eyes on Nacogdoches a booming city	 city-data
Leaving Texas this week.	 city-data
Texas senate seat - Ted Cruz (R) vs Paul Sadler (D)	 city-data
Governor Perry shoots and kills a coyote	 city-data
Where were y'all...?	 city-data
Urbanity and Amenities: Texas Edition	 city-data
Texas or Bust...........	 city-data
Serious question.  Do the good people in TX consider it a "Police State"?	 city-data
Texas should start an initiative to get high-speed rail	 city-data
Want to move back to NY	 city-data
Best Places to buy winter clothes (Adirondack region)	 city-data
Create a HUDSON VALLEY sub-group please	 city-data
Help please re: flat roof leaking	 city-data
Upstate NY photo house tour	 city-data
Walkable prosperous cities in Upstate NY?	 city-data
What about Auburn?	 city-data
Is there a terrorist training camp in Hancock New York	 city-data
Upstaters general view of NYC	 city-data
Delaware and Greene, Durham, Andes?	 city-data
Special Education Services-Autism	 city-data
What does New York have more in common with, Hartford/Providence/Boston or Philadelphia/Baltimore/Washington?	 city-data
Which states are really two or more put together?	 city-data
Flattest Cities	 city-data
Most dangerous Cities UNDER 75,000	 city-data
Midwest cities that are not flat	 city-data
Rhetorical question: how can someone 'hate' or dislike an entire state?	 city-data
Best & Worst Cities & States to be Single in	 city-data
Chicago Vs Dallas	 city-data
Common myths and misconceptions people often have about your state	 city-data
Opinions from other southern states on North Carolina	 city-data
Why do city folks always put themselves on a pedestal above country folks?	 city-data
Origin of your city's name	 city-data
Not having four seasons.	 city-data
Second best subway/heavy rail system after NYC	 city-data
New Interstates in Texas and The Southwest	 city-data
Alabama or Wyoming?	 city-data
New Census Population Estimates	 city-data
Most geographically diverse states?	 city-data
Will the largest cities in each state ever be surpassed by another city in the state?	 city-data
Is the rest of the USA pretty much identical to the south or is it significantly different (info inside)	 city-data
Most similar states that do NOT share a border	 city-data
East coast/West coast city comparisons	 city-data
Ever left a "world class city" for a podunk place?	 city-data
How many states have you been to, and which one is your favorite and why?	 city-data
America's worst tourist traps and towns.	 city-data
Best Drivers	 city-data
Which state has the most masculine men?	 city-data
What is the most beautiful state in the US	 city-data
What is wrong with a state being flat?	 city-data
Why do you love the Midwest?	 city-data
If Midwesterners have no accent, why are they the most difficult to understand?	 city-data
I think the Northwest and the Upper Midwest might be the least racist regions of the USA.	 city-data
Why is rural New England so liberal? Especially compared to say Upstate NY?	 city-data
What Is the Staple Food Or Foods In Your City or Region ?	 city-data
Mispronunciations	 city-data
What states have an upstate/downstate divide?	 city-data
For those who moved to Florida where did you move from and when?	 city-data
Florida loses population for the first time since World War II	 city-data
Question about Bugs	 city-data
Finally get to see the Emerald Coast	 city-data
Any parts of Florida that don't get completely destroyed by hurricanes every year and have mild climates?	 city-data
Most Liberal Place to Live In FL?  A place where I'm not weird	 city-data
Please, We need some insight on Palatka Fl.	 city-data
Best place to live?	 city-data
Is Florida all That ?	 city-data
Electricity Costs for a 3000 sq ft home?	 city-data
Desperate for advice	 city-data
Will Spanish become	 city-data
Texans in defense of Perry	 city-data
College Station-TX	 city-data
Texas A&M Should be National Champs	 city-data
Should Texas legalize Cannabis (Marijuana)  Why or Why not?	 city-data
West Texas Oil Field advice for a young man	 city-data
How Texans view El Paso and its place in Texas	 city-data
*Must read* Cali spending vs Texas spending	 city-data
Who will you vote for? Barack, John, Hillary or Mike?	 city-data
Texas Med-Sized Cities SMACKDOWN!!!	 city-data
How's your gas prices???	 city-data
Temple/Killeen TX , any one have any input?	 city-data
Fort Worth buses crack down on saggy pants	 city-data
Texas stimulus unemployment extension	 city-data
DFW to split?	 city-data
Anyone been to Brownsville, Laredo, McAllen?	 city-data
Why shouldn't I move to East Texas?	 city-data
It might snow again!	 city-data
Aquired Tastes...	 city-data
How do you like your tacos?	 city-data
Severe Weather OutBreak	 city-data
The Texas C-D'er Highway 281 Tour	 city-data
Texas City/Metro With Best Highways/Roads	 city-data
Dallas vs Houston for a refugee from Seattle	 city-data
Fredericksburg report	 city-data
Faster trains connecting all Upstate Cities	 city-data
Westchester/Putnam (?) to Sleepy Hollow	 city-data
How do I get rid of my mug shot & police record?	 city-data
Speed Ticket at 82mph in 65mph I-390	 city-data
Winters in Upstate Cities	 city-data
Why are alot of New Yorker's very aggressive?	 city-data
Boom boom cars?	 city-data
Rockland vs. Orange County ?	 city-data
Where is the best place to live in Florida	 city-data
Trapped In Pittsburgh	 city-data
If you could live anywhere on the Gulf where would you move to?	 city-data
Best county to move to in northeast-to-central Florida?	 city-data
Affordable and Safe area for Transgender person in Florida?	 city-data
Who made money on the Florida Real Estate boom?	 city-data
When do the snow birds arrive	 city-data
Business Owner in # 1 Speed Trap City - In The Country - Waldo,FL	 city-data
I Stopped Hating Florida a Long Time Ago!	 city-data
Question About Kayaking in FL	 city-data
Rick Scott OKs SunRail.	 city-data
FLorida PANHANDLE versus Carolinas COASTLINE?	 city-data
Fla. cities in "top 10 meanest cities towards the homeless" list	 city-data
is everyone leaving???	 city-data
Florideans -- don't risk it, not even once	 city-data
Walkable cities: Sarasota? Naples? Vero Beach?	 city-data
Does anyone else agree that Florida has gone out-of-control?	 city-data
Will the Southeast overtake the Southwest?	 city-data
Favorite Midwestern States	 city-data
need help about living in USA	 city-data
Vote on the next American flag	 city-data
Top U.S. cities that people are moving to in 2012	 city-data
First, second and third class cities	 city-data
When comparing city sizes, it seems only Americans take into account 'city limits'	 city-data
Americans:  Do You Consider Pennsylvania a Northern State?	 city-data
Best places to live in the U.S. 2012	 city-data
Moving to Southeast U.S. and want a city similar to L.A.!	 city-data
Roughest City	 city-data
Rocky Mtns vs. Smoky Mtns	 city-data
pick a veggie or fruit that represents each state	 city-data
Most Common Mispronounciations	 city-data
Kansas City	 city-data
Most scenic drives in the U.S.	 city-data
Another "how do YOU say it?" thread	 city-data
Moved?  Do you feel more comfortable with the people/culture/way of life in your home state?	 city-data
What are the most ignored major cities in the US?	 city-data
What states have the most boring history in your opinion?	 city-data
Why is DC the only city that doesn't have mainstream gangs?	 city-data
Top ten US art cities	 city-data
Which city gets picked on the most at C-D?	 city-data
Forbes: Cities Where Black Americans Are Doing The Best Economically	 city-data
Why were the 70s and 80s so dangerous?	 city-data
How many States have you visited? and what states would you like to Visit?	 city-data
What cities are the most "image conscious"?	 city-data
What cities never sleep?	 city-data
If you love NYC but can't afford to live there where to move?	 city-data
The Rural Ghetto	 city-data
Cities with Good Public Transportation...	 city-data
How diverse (culturally) is the West?	 city-data
What type of winter weather do you prefer?	 city-data
Where do the NICEST people live?	 city-data
What is Middle America?	 city-data
People Bring Assault Weapons To Obama Event	 city-data
Planned Parenthood Leader Resigns After Watching Abortion Ultrasound (Video)	 city-data
Obama to Florida: halt non-citizen voter purge	 city-data
What is the agenda of the NRA?	 city-data
What does 45 cal, dad, laptop, 16 year old and facebook have in common?	 city-data
Suppose you need a gun to protect your house.	 city-data
If the word "black" is offensive and was replaced by "African American", then what...	 city-data
Do you support War Crimes Trials for Bush & Co?	 city-data
Pastor refuses to leave 18% gratuity for table of 20	 city-data
Mother of Houston teen allegedly shot by girlfriend’s dad wants murder charges	 city-data
Food Stamp Recipients More Likely To Be Obese, Study Finds	 city-data
Obama to Accept 185,000 Syrian Refugees, good idea?	 city-data
SOPA/PIPA - Responses, Concerns, Criticisms, etc (Blackout 1/18/2012)	 city-data
Why are liberals more intelligent than conservatives?	 city-data
Let's expand the gun issue a little bit more........	 city-data
Do you really care about race relations in the US?	 city-data
5 Reasons why  a government shutdown is coming	 city-data
Waitress fired for referring to black couple as 'black couple' on receipt	 city-data
Whats so great about having to pay zero tax on inheritance income?	 city-data
Local At Least 8 Dead, 44 Wounded In Weekend Shootings In Chicago	 city-data
War on Christmas!!	 city-data
Chick Fil A Changed My Views On Gay Rights	 city-data
Why do Arab Muslim countries want the total destruction of Israel?	 city-data
I just listened to Michelle Obama's speech, and was floored.	 city-data
Black student not allowed to be Valedictorian	 city-data
Safelink and Lifeline Programs - Landlines and Cellphones for low income	 city-data
The Arctic's Record Breaking Ice Melt	 city-data
Abortion Clinic Closes in Ohio After Pledging to Stay Open	 city-data
I've got an idea for reducing the number of welfare babies	 city-data
Todd Palin: "Sarah Palin Would Win The Presidency (Against Hillary) Hands Down..........	 city-data
Cruel treatment of homosexuals by liberals.	 city-data
Police sprayed North Dakota Access Pipeline protesters with a 'water cannon' in freezing weather	 city-data
Global Warming Deniers - Are they STUPID?	 city-data
Granny gets slapped with a hate crime for using her cane on gay man	 city-data
Why African Americans typically have no wealth?	 city-data
Deficit plunges 32%	 city-data
Million Student March  - because it should be free!	 city-data
Ben Stein to O'Reilly: Atheists are fighting war on Christmas because they are angry and bitter.	 city-data
Just 3.5% of the US population are gay	 city-data
EBT users jump on Walmart "glitch" in 2 hour spree...	 city-data
All of Obama's supporters happy he's going to spend $200 million a DAY in India?	 city-data
When 1st and 2nd Amendment Conflict / double standard when it comes to freedom of speech and gun right	 city-data
The Rich Do Not Pay The Most Taxes, They Pay "ALL" The Taxes!	 city-data
Here's a question: will Muslim bakeries in the US have to bake cakes for gay weddings?	 city-data
***** President Obama's Speech 11/20/14*****	 city-data
What Happens When You're Too Old and Have no $?	 city-data
Separation of Church and State	 city-data
Will you ever forgive Hanoi Jane?	 city-data
A British Viewpoint on American Gun Control	 city-data
Talk to me: why Black people from Africa do so well in the US?	 city-data
How does requiring proper ID prevent minorities from voting......	 city-data
ACORN videos - Your opinions? Your thoughts? New Videos??	 city-data
Men are really becoming Hello Kitties	 city-data
Should we let Detroit die?	 city-data
Climate study confirms what skeptics scoffed at: global warming is real	 city-data
CENSUS: Minorities make up more than half of babies born in US, first time ever	 city-data
Naked Miami Man Killed By Police, Was Eating Victim’s Face	 city-data
Why do people celebrate those that "come out as homosexual" like Michael Sam?	 city-data
Is Health a right or a privilege?	 city-data
Why is the South so obsessed with the Confederate flag?	 city-data
Hamas Will Not Recognize Israel Ever	 city-data
Sarah Palin Has Opened Up A Can Of Worms: Bill O'Reilly Now Admits Obama Is Hiding His College Records From Public View	 city-data
Do you believe the welfare system rewards the wrong people to reproduce in large numbers?	 city-data
The difference between the rich and the poor	 city-data
Why the heck do we need gun control?	 city-data
Obama bans "oriental" from our federal government lexicon	 city-data
Michelle Obama 'I Wake Up Everyday In Home Built By Slaves'	 city-data
Column describes how Texas legislators want to limit family planning and contraceptives	 city-data
looking for German People	 city-data
Is Houston to Austin an interesting drive?	 city-data
Where do you cross the border in Texas for shopping?	 city-data
Deport, Texas	 city-data
Taco Cabana	 city-data
Brownsville TX neighborhoods	 city-data
? Best Climate in Texas ?	 city-data
Best place to raise a family in Texas	 city-data
Lone Star, Premieres Sept. 20th on FOX	 city-data
Texas men!!!	 city-data
Aren't TX beaches in reality underrated?	 city-data
Advice for Those Moving from New Jersey to Brownwood, TX	 city-data
Mineral Wells-A huge drug town?	 city-data
No More Inspection Sticker But You Will Still Have Get Your Car Inspected	 city-data
Cycling is catching on in Texas	 city-data
Should Texas Take a Stand on the 2nd Ammendment?	 city-data
Victory Park vs Houston Pavillions(Under a New Name)-THE OUTCOME	 city-data
Waco starting to think "BIG"	 city-data
Is the Texas desert moving East?	 city-data
Small, East Texas Towns- Help!	 city-data
DMNews talks Smack: "If Texas is Utopia, Dallas is the capital; here are the reasons why"	 city-data
Speeding ticket advice	 city-data
The scariest thing about living in Texas....	 city-data
5 Bad things about Abilene,TX	 city-data
Austin or San Antonio?	 city-data
Texas and Oklahoma... what's the difference?	 city-data
Good small towns in New York?	 city-data
Moving our family from KCMO to eastern Orange County	 city-data
Best Affordable WNY and CNY Small Towns	 city-data
Great overnighters in Upstate NY	 city-data
Would this be normal in NY or was this person a creep?	 city-data
Why Is the Tappan Zee So Crowded At Rush Hour?	 city-data
Can anyone help me find NY colleges????	 city-data
Washingtonville NY schools good or bad?	 city-data
Penn Yan, Canandaigua, and Geneva region	 city-data
Can a Car in Florida be searched if pulled over , without a search warrant ?	 city-data
How is Florida for single people	 city-data
Florida vs. California for a Family with kids?	 city-data
Prices about to drop?	 city-data
Rank these Florida cities from least southern to most southern	 city-data
Leaving Colorado to Florida	 city-data
Teaching in FL? (thinking of relocating)	 city-data
Conservative, family towns in Florida	 city-data
Atheist Floridians?	 city-data
Moving to FL, need some advice for a young person just getting started.	 city-data
Spoke to a Realtor today that told me there are no properties without HOA's!	 city-data
Priceless	 city-data
Where to Move in Florida with ONLINE INCOME and 4 kids	 city-data
if I show up homeless to state X...	 city-data
Summer or Winter? Which feels longer in your city?	 city-data
My estimate of America's ethnic makeup	 city-data
What is the most eclectic city or town in your state?	 city-data
Is It A Southern Thing?	 city-data
40% of US births are now out of wedlock	 city-data
Where is the coolest place in the USA to be from?	 city-data
Is Ozark culture very similar to Appalachian culture?	 city-data
Most Northeastern looking city outside of the Northeast	 city-data
U.S. should have French as second language	 city-data
Do you have any American Indian ancestry?	 city-data
Affordable Cities for Late 20's LGBT Individual	 city-data
Jewish population by metro area	 city-data
Best Sports Venues	 city-data
What kind of culture do the largest Midwestern cities have?	 city-data
What do you think of Southerners with no southern accent?	 city-data
"Anti-Sunbelt" Sunbelt cities?	 city-data
Most beautiful AND friendly women in the US are from...	 city-data
What do you think when you hear these cities?	 city-data
Future State	 city-data
Are people living in colder places smarter than people living in warmer places?	 city-data
I hate living in Atlanta, want to move to NC, but where???+++	 city-data
Cities more famous than the state they are in?	 city-data
Midwestern Cities/Metros Good for Interracial Relationships	 city-data
Why is Geography not taught in U.S. High Schools?	 city-data
5 best of the midwest	 city-data
What are the most urban small cities/towns?	 city-data
Why Suburbs Are Inefficient!!! (Warning: Graphic Image of Wound Enclosed)	 city-data
Americans: Do You Consider Maryland a Northern or Southern State	 city-data
What US State has the most residents who dislike outsiders?	 city-data
Segregation in US cities visualised	 city-data
Just curious but what is the most common kind of vehicle in your area?	 city-data
If you won the lottery($5 million), where would you live and why?	 city-data
What city will continue to attract more and more people?	 city-data
Will you move to California if California legalizes marijuana?	 city-data
What cities have what you consider to be a big downtown?	 city-data
Would you live in a majority black town (if you're white)?	 city-data
Do you have Rowhomes in your city?	 city-data
The "Age Old Question"- Westside or Eastside	 city-data
What states have the most pride?	 city-data
A New US Capital?	 city-data
NY Renewable Energy Study Finds New York Could Soon Be Powered By Wind, Water And Sunlight	 city-data
Roadside Food Stands?	 city-data
NY state university flagship.	 city-data
Are they really living wages jobs left here?	 city-data
Relocation - LI to Orange County	 city-data
Anyone remember name of hospital in Endicott, NY	 city-data
Portland, OR to New York area -- Need serious help/advice	 city-data
What else to so in and around Woodbury Commons outlets area?	 city-data
Caroline Kennedy gives up on senate seat!!!	 city-data
Anyone RETURN North only to consider going BACK South again?	 city-data
South Padre Island?	 city-data
For those teachers THINKING about coming to Texas for jobs	 city-data
Hill Country teaching, living, raising family	 city-data
Happy 179th Birthday Texas!	 city-data
Texas Sex Offender Residency Laws Endangering Offenders Families	 city-data
What's the most comfortable weather of Texas ?	 city-data
Texas places where you don't have to run your AC from April - November?	 city-data
Everything I need to know about Amarillo Texas	 city-data
Battle of the Tacos!	 city-data
Alpine, TX	 city-data
Big Spring	 city-data
Why are people down south generally more polite?	 city-data
If you could live anywhere in Texas...	 city-data
Any opinions on Big Spring, TX?	 city-data
U.S. Judge in TX blocks Obama's immigration orders	 city-data
Why move to Texas?	 city-data
Why do people watch games in their garage?	 city-data
DFW vs Houston	 city-data
Report: My Texas travels and findings...Page one	 city-data
any suggestions on a new place to live	 city-data
Conservative guy looking to escape the liberal northeast	 city-data
General info on Corpus Christi and Texas as I'm hopefu of coming over from London UK	 city-data
As a democrat I admit this about minimum wage...	 city-data
"Southern Pride".... Most Definitely A Proud Heritage !!!	 city-data
Is intimidation a legitimate form of free speech?	 city-data
Battered by gas prices White House starts attacks on oil companies	 city-data
#OscarsSoWhite: Twitter reacts to all white Oscar nominees	 city-data
Not supporting gay marriage makes you a homophobe: agree or disagree	 city-data
The Myth of the Good Guy With a Gun	 city-data
America's healthcare system suck :/ Dad has cancer, not eligible for any insurance	 city-data
Bachmann Glittered: Organized Attacks Uncovered...	 city-data
Why do Americans think Spanish people (aka Spaniards aka Europeans) are non-white?	 city-data
ANYONE on here with any experience of a UHC ?	 city-data
Federal Court Denies Motion To Dismiss Lawsuit Against Virginia's Marriage Equality Ban!	 city-data
Are Republicans Intentionally Sabotaging Economy For Political Gain?	 city-data
Shooting at Lone Star College	 city-data
***State of the Union 2016***	 city-data
Seattle votes to raise the minimum wage to $15 a hour	 city-data
Do You Have Any Sympathy For Those Who Voted Bush In The White House?	 city-data
Hillary has officially been tossed under the bus	 city-data
Bernie Sanders to Introduce Bill to Make College Tuition-Free	 city-data
Reverse Racism	 city-data
Debt to hit 16 Trillion	 city-data
The "Obama Recovery" was phony. Markets beginning to tank again.	 city-data
City slickers won't have a chance against dumb Conservative rednecks	 city-data
"Mother" & "Father" will be replaced with "Parent One" & "Parent Two" on PassPort Application Forms.	 city-data
Why do others REALLY care about what blacks are doing?	 city-data
Discussion of Bush's military service (split from non-related thread)	 city-data
Pastor Terry Jones: 'I may put Mohammed on trial'	 city-data
She's having an abortion	 city-data
Religious Nutcase Pharmacist Threaten Women's Health	 city-data
THUG - - racist?	 city-data
Breaking!  Senate Democrats vote "Nuclear Option on filibusters!	 city-data
What is it with black conservatives?	 city-data
IRS Building Attacked by Plane in Austin, TX	 city-data
Warnings against socialized medicine	 city-data
$15 an hour? Too low! Make it $20 an hour	 city-data
I Am Ashamed That Barack Obama Is Our President	 city-data
Do You Believe The Russian Hack Stories?	 city-data
Georgia Police Officer fired over confederate flag at her home	 city-data
Tim Cook Opposes Order for Apple to Unlock iPhone from San Bernadino Shooting	 city-data
Does the South always have to be dragged kicking and screaming into the modern age?	 city-data
10 U.S. senators seek investigation into H-1B-driven layoffs	 city-data
BREAKING NEWS: Obama to propose a "buffet tax" on people earning $1 MILLION+ a year	 city-data
54% of Iowans Vote to Oust "Gay Marriage" Judges	 city-data
The President will start building Mexico border wall TODAY	 city-data
Big Breaking News: Genealogy Expert Discovers Original Card Holder Of Obama's Social Security Number InThe 1940 Census	 city-data
Abortion dr shot at Wichita,KS church	 city-data
Father kills drunk driver who killed sons.	 city-data
Court rules Texas may enforce pre-abortion sonogram law	 city-data
All Libertarian societies evolve into Plutocracies.	 city-data
Oklahoma death row inmate suffers through injection	 city-data
Daycare Teacher Fired After Extinguishing Fire At Center	 city-data
A good friend told me that 9/11/2001 was an inside job. Can that be true?	 city-data
Shocking! 46% of Missississippian Republicans think black-white marriage should be ILLEGAL	 city-data
Anthony Bourdain slams ‘privileged’ liberals for ‘utter contempt’ of working class	 city-data
Mass Transit: Left vs. Right?	 city-data
Judge Orders Morning-After Pill Available Without Prescription to Those Younger Than 17	 city-data
Homosexuality is a choice	 city-data
Houston burger flippers on strike LOL	 city-data
Are liberals more compassionate?	 city-data
Liberal Writer: "Nearly Inevitable Email Scandal will Sink Hillary."	 city-data
Global Warming theory has failed all tests, so alarmists return to the ‘97% consensus’ hoax	 city-data
Blacks Disappointment With Obama a Problem	 city-data
No More Guns?	 city-data
Why Some on The Left Hates Guns	 city-data
Thinking of getting  FLU shot?	 city-data
Why Do Blacks Keep Voting For Dem Mayors Who Care More About Illegals Then Them	 city-data
Racist Woman Reacts To Black Man Starting His Car. This Is Disgusting.	 city-data
Shark Attacks 2007	 city-data
Looks like portability passed, who will challenge it?	 city-data
Recession symptoms near fever level in South Florida	 city-data
Can anyone explain the 11 foot possible storm surge that Rick Scott warned about?	 city-data
Who moved back to Florida?	 city-data
Palm Coast or Daytona Beach	 city-data
Florida's the Saddest	 city-data
Kids not welcome. Right or wrong?	 city-data
florida lacking in even minimum wage jobs	 city-data
Need info from Palm Coast residents please	 city-data
Rick Scott likes idea of funding Rail not Education, how do you feel Florida?	 city-data
Florida governor banned words ‘climate change’	 city-data
New Florida Immigration Poll	 city-data
South FL vs. north FL vs. northeast. Your opinions please.	 city-data
What do Floridians do?	 city-data
What is Tampa/Jacksonville doing right that Orlando/Miami aren't?	 city-data
Should my wife and I start a family here, or get out of dodge	 city-data
What is the best and worst state in the U.S.?	 city-data
Europeans that speak best English	 city-data
urban AND conservative areas	 city-data
Why do so many "wars" go on between "city people" and "country people?"	 city-data
Best Interstate Hwy Drive	 city-data
Smoking in the U.S.	 city-data
How many of you are familiar with the term "Sundown Towns"?	 city-data
The most Infamous U.S. cities	 city-data
Pick a home site in each US REGION!	 city-data
Have you ever moved somewhere you hated because it was practical?	 city-data
Balanced and Unbalanced States	 city-data
Nice People?? ANYWHERE??	 city-data
Which metro areas are most evangelical/conservative/traditional/Republican?	 city-data
How Has Your Life Changed Since You First Joined City-Data?	 city-data
Which city has the mellowest race relations?	 city-data
Name the prettiest small cities (population btwn 40,000-100,000)	 city-data
Is there a uniform Northeastern culture or "feel"?	 city-data
North Carolina Mountains vs. Colorado Mountains	 city-data
SHould the U.S. build a $3,000,000,000,000 High Speed Rail system?	 city-data
We can't afford the luxury of high-speed rail	 city-data
How do you feel about Southern people being portrayed like this in the Media?	 city-data
Which area of the USA has the best soccer culture?	 city-data
Can people look at the same map of the USA and see it differently?	 city-data
Does "East Coast culture" exist at all?	 city-data
Do you think regional differences are often overstated?	 city-data
Rustbelt Cities	 city-data
What city should we choose to move to from Charlotte, NC???	 city-data
West equivalents of East Coast cities	 city-data
Why don't many Southerners know their nationality?	 city-data
Pecan. How do you pronounce it?	 city-data
What do people from the South think about Northerners? (moved from Knoxville)	 city-data
Would you live in a town that was not ethnically diverse?	 city-data
Combine two cities in your state	 city-data
Have you moved from "sun" to "snow"?	 city-data
What state do you think has the most cultural identity problem?	 city-data
Picturesque cities?	 city-data
What is your ethnicity ?	 city-data
If there is ONE city in the U.S that you want to see FINALLY reach its potential, which one is it?	 city-data
Why does everyone think Denver is cold?	 city-data
US Regions According to the NFL	 city-data
Why do most Southerners consider the North to only refer to the Northeast?	 city-data
NY Contacts General Electric About Moving Headquarters	 city-data
Hurricane:  Ithaca	 city-data
Moving from Houston, TX and need help!!	 city-data
Best urban district in upstate NY?	 city-data
Upstate NY boat parties and raft ups	 city-data
schools in NYS with Education Major, and other questions	 city-data
What are the best State Parks?	 city-data
Walkable city/towns Upstate	 city-data
Ausable Falls	 city-data
Best Vacation Destinations-Sightseeing Attractions-Places To Visit/See In Upstate New York State	 city-data
Mahopac or Cortlandt Manor	 city-data
Wegmans expanding again?	 city-data
I'm Looking to Transfer to a College In New York	 city-data
Favorite Scenic Vista in the HV?	 city-data
Corning vs. Horseheads School Districts	 city-data
INFO on DUTCHESS, COLUMBIA, and RENNSLATER counties	 city-data
Binghamton area 3 bedroom apartment needed	 city-data
Sex Offenders in Beacon	 city-data
Who has best cell phone reception in plattsburgh area?	 city-data
Small, self sustaining and secluded communities in NY that you would live in....	 city-data
Ithaca Area for Politically Right 0f Center	 city-data
Very worried about moving to longview, tx. Help!!!	 city-data
Odd thangs us Texans do............Fun thread!	 city-data
You Know You're a Texan When	 city-data
Boooooo, it's OU	 city-data
The defunding of our Texas Libraries	 city-data
Mark Cuban, Jason Kidd have done alot for Dallas & the Mavs	 city-data
best small towns in tx?	 city-data
White Christmas in Texas	 city-data
Do Retired Texas move out of state due to high property taxes?	 city-data
DFW...a traffic awakening! Typical?	 city-data
Does Anyone know a small town?	 city-data
70 MPH, no shoulder, hilly, turns and BICYCLES!!! (near Leakey)	 city-data
Is the sound of bass coming from cars here to stay?	 city-data
Is Texas a giant desert?	 city-data
Most Boring Cities In Texas	 city-data
What American Accent Do You Have?	 city-data
Possibly re-locating to Midland, unsure of what to expect	 city-data
what can you tell me about Florida seasons?	 city-data
Old Florida	 city-data
Looking to move	 city-data
Why Why Does Everything Have To Shutdown At 2am?	 city-data
Hands Across the Sand - Stop Oil Drilling in Florida Waters	 city-data
Funny if your from Wi and love Florida	 city-data
Insurance Crisis	 city-data
The most progressive/liberal major city in Florida	 city-data
Will Florida Surpass the State of New York	 city-data
Interesting opportunity, a desperate seller is auctioning a WPB house. Bid how much?	 city-data
Which degree for a better life in Florida?	 city-data
Rick Scott for governor? please read.	 city-data
Florida goes BLUE!	 city-data
What are good businesses to start in Florida?	 city-data
The First Day of Fall!	 city-data
Florida vote still undecided....	 city-data
Florida Climate Change Conference begins	 city-data
Florida rental housing costs not so "cheap"	 city-data
What is Redtide??	 city-data
Floridians, which is hurting you the most?	 city-data
About to just flip a coin-relocation	 city-data
Help me find a luxury community with young families	 city-data
Florida going through an iguana invasion?	 city-data
Getting rid of crazy old Florida laws.	 city-data
Education in Florida	 city-data
florida grass!!! GRRR!	 city-data
2015 Homicide/Murder Counts up to date?	 city-data
Difference between houses in the East/West	 city-data
Los Angeles has more wealthy black households than Atlanta?	 city-data
Most stereotypical "Yankee" state?	 city-data
Choosing between Boston or Chicago	 city-data
What are your upscale neighborhoods?	 city-data
Unseasonable cool summer in the Northeast	 city-data
Which states do you consider to be the Midwest?	 city-data
worst winter weather cities	 city-data
African Americans in Corporate America: The Price of Success and Achieving the "American Dream"	 city-data
CA beaches vs. FL beaches	 city-data
Cities of the Decade.	 city-data
What is your most liked state, other than your own, or one you've lived in	 city-data
What are your favorite and least favorite city names?	 city-data
Arkansas and Iowa	 city-data
Nations most affordable housing markets.	 city-data
How Many States Have You Been Too?	 city-data
Would you say that culturally speaking, the US can be divided into 4 broad regions?	 city-data
Why are the 'Sun Belt" cities and California's unemployment rates so bad??	 city-data
U.S. 2050 Which states will run the nation?	 city-data
5-regional model of the United States	 city-data
City Rivalries Within Your State	 city-data
It would seem to me, that apart from Celebrities, Atheists keep their heads down.	 city-data
Do I have a Southern accent?	 city-data
The Bible Belt = South, not totally accurate	 city-data
Most important states to Southern culture.	 city-data
Is the urban big city lifestyle worth not being able to enjoy a house?	 city-data
Was America ultra-cheap in the 70s?	 city-data
Bash houston day!?!?!	 city-data
Is Oklahoma more like New Mexico or Mississippi?	 city-data
Which American cities do you think will have a brighter future?	 city-data
Out of these 4 states which would you choose?	 city-data
There Are Only 50 States!	 city-data
Which U.S. region has the best climate overall?	 city-data
Are people getting meaner?	 city-data
What states dislike newcomers the most?	 city-data
What city has the best public transportation system?	 city-data
Do Californians have accents?....	 city-data
What cities/places could you drive to in 12 hours?	 city-data
Does rural = southern?	 city-data
Southerners - similar culture to Middle Eastern countries?	 city-data
Black Spanish speaking neighborhoods in the US	 city-data
What does everyone everyone think of each state?	 city-data
Which state is more "southern," Oklahoma or Virginia?	 city-data
2 Amazon reps tell customers "the government" and "federal law," respectively, are instructing co. don't sell Conf. flag	 city-data
please remove god from the pledge of allegiance	 city-data
why do we pay for so much healthcare for the elderly?	 city-data
Do Americans hate gentleness?	 city-data
Concealed carry of firearms reduces crime, period	 city-data
Top 1 Percent Spreading $60T Wealth But Not to You	 city-data
Obama Urges Gun Control After Massacre	 city-data
Graph on wealth distribution in the United States	 city-data
Trying to understand the liberal mindset	 city-data
The Justice Department Has Had It with Sheriff Joe	 city-data
Why there is a race issue in the USA?	 city-data
Benghazi report concludes Obama and Hillary are liars	 city-data
The Agenda 21 Nudge to Smaller Living Space	 city-data
New gun term for the AR rifle	 city-data
Defending your home and your family	 city-data
Wealth Distribution in the United States	 city-data
Sasha, Malia Obama vacation at Bahamas' 'Atlantis'	 city-data
African Americans:  Why don't they Vote Republican?	 city-data
Layoff bomb detonates; Large corporations join small businesses in announcing mass cuts	 city-data
News: Good Old Boy Cheney Hospitalized	 city-data
Minnesota set to become 12th state to approve gay marriage	 city-data
My goodness..23 shot in NYC over weekend ,and 35 shot in Chicago over weekend..	 city-data
White House Warns Rush: Nazi Talk Puts You On "Thin Ice"	 city-data
Police Shoot Autistic Man's Caretaker as He Lies in Street	 city-data
Do you fly the Confederate Flag?	 city-data
Do liberals here value the First Amendment right to the free exercise of religion?	 city-data
Are Blue State People scared to drive through Red States?	 city-data
I'll be shocked if Israel doesn't attack Iran's Nuclear sites within hours.	 city-data
Message to the Baby Boomers! (from Dorock99)	 city-data
Rep. Sestak Confirms the White House Offered him a job in administration	 city-data
Sony Hackers Threaten Terroist Attacks at Movie Theaters	 city-data
What could Trump do about the student loan situation?	 city-data
On Beck's Show - Founding Fathers were evangelical Christians?	 city-data
Stupid vet brags on facebook about killing cat, triggers international firestorm & gets fired from job	 city-data
The deadbeats of society can rejoice, another year of UI benefits coming up	 city-data
Leftist "Common Core" is dumbing down American students.	 city-data
Providing Insight Into Climate Change, and the AGW Myth	 city-data
Steve McGarretts Official 'Sheriff Joe Arpaio Releases His Findings Into Obama's Eligibility Investigation' At 3pm EST	 city-data
Why is sympathy for Islam so common on the political left?	 city-data
Palin would easily be a better president than Obama!	 city-data
Hamilton - cast should apologize	 city-data
Do you see access to health care as a necessity, or luxury and privilege.	 city-data
Palin feuding with Letterman	 city-data
Black Pastor Goes On Rant About Riots	 city-data
House Of Representatives votes to end 'don't ask, don't tell', 234-194	 city-data
Merged	 city-data
Something for the homophobes to consider	 city-data
It appears we will all burn up in 2047 enjoy your time left	 city-data
Clippers Owner Donald Sterling, "Don't Bring Blacks to My Games."	 city-data
Christian Ministers threatened with fines and jail time for refusing to marry same-sex couples	 city-data
Gov. Christie Veto Shuts Down Abortion Clinics in NJ	 city-data
If workers are so unimportant why don't CEO's make their own pants?	 city-data
Paid Sick Leave	 city-data
Hundreds of Churches Vow to Protect Immigrants Facing Deportation as Trump Presidency Looms	 city-data
Obama to announce that all schools have to allow transgender bathroom usage	 city-data
NFL is no longer a heterosexual only sports league	 city-data
Gabby Gifford, victim of mass shooting, launches anti-gun violence group	 city-data
**Q-Q**  The Official Nancy Pelosi Thread	 city-data
Legalize it...Everywhere.	 city-data
More AGW hypocrites	 city-data
Please list all of the good things Israel has done for America.	 city-data
Dear Liberals: We want a divorce	 city-data
26% of Americans think the sun revolves around the earth and 54% didn't even know we evolved from another species	 city-data
A "must read" letter from the CEO of Hobby Lobby	 city-data
Homosexuality's dead end	 city-data
***FBN GOP Debate 9:00 PM EST***	 city-data
Lost interest in beaches..	 city-data
How do Floridians keep cool?	 city-data
When will txt and driving be forbidden by Law? Bluetooth is so easy to have	 city-data
OY! This guys is going to bury us image wise and everything else! OMG!	 city-data
Florida Favorite House	 city-data
Best places to raise a family in Florida!?	 city-data
Does south Florida feel American? (Dade, Broward, Palm Beach)	 city-data
moving to Florida from Michigan in 8 months...	 city-data
What would happen if Florida could not support its incoming population.	 city-data
Movies in Florida	 city-data
Florida's Deadly Hit-and-Run Car Culture - TIME Magazine	 city-data
Who cares about first time home buyers?	 city-data
Give Florida A Break!	 city-data
Thing in Florida that are cheaper than other places.	 city-data
Moving to Key West...wallet needs help!	 city-data
When did Home Buyers think "WOW this is cheap"?	 city-data
if home prices are dropping...	 city-data
The Housing Bust: Are You Happy, Sad, or Indifferent?	 city-data
How do u feel about Florida's skyrocketing Puerto Rican population?	 city-data
Beautiful Small towns of Florida (Gems)	 city-data
Miami isn't feeling very tropical right now...	 city-data
Would Unions be good for Florida?	 city-data
When you live in Florida where do you Vacation?	 city-data
Good city for a granola girl and rocker husband?	 city-data
Quiet Long Islander Leaving for Artsy Laid Back but Not Broke Beach Community - ideas?	 city-data
Lakeland???	 city-data
Why would you move to Florida IF...	 city-data
I feel like a gypsy, and can't find, what I am looking for.....	 city-data
Listing with "flat-rate" realtors!	 city-data
road trip	 city-data
Midland Texas Walmart $14 dollar pay	 city-data
We are moving to TX very soon and i need urgent help to choose btw this cities(Corpus christi,Abilene,Midland ,Lubbock)	 city-data
Why you no change your plates?	 city-data
Origins of City Names in Texas	 city-data
Texas Dance Halls	 city-data
Do we belong in Texas?  Which part would you suggest?	 city-data
Fun thread alert! Out-of-state license plates	 city-data
A Texas Poster's Favorite Ice Cream	 city-data
A Texas Poll.  And an Ode to the Catfish.	 city-data
Austin, Houston or Dallas?	 city-data
Texas and Electric Cars	 city-data
All of the best known lesser known getaways in Texas....	 city-data
Best Beaches in Texas and help for my itinerary	 city-data
Lifelong Texan who has never been in an HEB?	 city-data
New fried food at the State Fair	 city-data
What's The Next City For Texans?	 city-data
I want to move to Texas! Which city/neighborhood is suitable for me?	 city-data
Funny city names.	 city-data
You know you are addicted to City Data when...	 city-data
Why are there so few English descended people in the Northeast?	 city-data
US metro areas with the highest and lowest violent crime rates	 city-data
Florida is the most unique place in the continental USA	 city-data
If you had to move to a state that borders yours, which would you move to?	 city-data
How high above sea level is your town?	 city-data
How can this be considered "Flyover Country"?	 city-data
What is the most walkable/urban commercial strip outside of your cities downtown?	 city-data
Why are so many state capitals so damn dingy?	 city-data
States with no major league sports, who do they back?	 city-data
What's the population of your zip code? Lol. I'm curious.	 city-data
Are people leaving Chicago and Illinois in droves?	 city-data
Who do people out west...	 city-data
You know when you live in a bad neighborhood when...	 city-data
If money were not an issue, which city would you live in?	 city-data
What does "hometown" mean to you?	 city-data
I can't believe how expensive rents are...EVERYWHERE	 city-data
Places with nice people?	 city-data
Favorite State License Plates?	 city-data
Spider-free places/states? Help me please!	 city-data
If you could live ANYWHERE...	 city-data
Do rural Southern Whites have a certain look?	 city-data
Most Provincial City in the US	 city-data
States with a lot of forest?	 city-data
What States do you think should be broken up to form new states?	 city-data
comparing US cities to Toronto, Ontario	 city-data
Rank your to 5 most important/influential American cities	 city-data
Most Misunderstood US City?	 city-data
Thinking of Moving....	 city-data
For those who've lived on both East & West Coasts	 city-data
Cities with waterfalls	 city-data
Safe, middle/upper class neighborhoods that are mostly Latino or Black?	 city-data
What can $400k buy in your area?	 city-data
Is there such a thing as "Northeastern" or "Midwestern" culture?	 city-data
Biggest Turnaround city in the USA	 city-data
What cities in the South have the most Mega churches?	 city-data
7 Wonders of America	 city-data
What Southern State has the best looking woman?!	 city-data
Which cities are the least "broiest"?	 city-data
What's the farthest distance you can see a mountain?	 city-data
Best TV show set in your city	 city-data
How does a place "feel southern"?	 city-data
For those who moved to Florida, why did you move there?	 city-data
what's up with Florida?	 city-data
Florida Housing Sex Offenders Under Bridge	 city-data
So Long Florida	 city-data
Is Key West ok for kids? Is it too gay? (No disrespect intended)	 city-data
Another good reason to move to Florida from Sunny Days	 city-data
How has Florida changed over the years??	 city-data
This forum is for complainers!!!	 city-data
Is florida safe	 city-data
Ok guys I am exhausted searching for a perfect city to relocate to	 city-data
Navarre Fl	 city-data
Anyone knowledge about rental agreements? Help me plz.	 city-data
Tacky houses in Florida	 city-data
If Charlie Christ gets elected how long before real estate taxes skyrocket	 city-data
Florida's Crime	 city-data
Where in Florida south of Gainesville can you find many "Florida crackers"?	 city-data
Most Yuppie Place in Florida	 city-data
Is  Florida or  Georgia  etc  East coast?	 city-data
Should we change realtors???	 city-data
Lonely Lesbian- mt. dora florida	 city-data
Vegetable Gardening in Florida?	 city-data
George Zimmerman 'to be charged'	 city-data
Home invasions...........	 city-data
"George Zimmerman Emerged From Hiding for Truck Crash Rescue" [Link]	 city-data
Why Does Florida Post Mug Shots	 city-data
Hernando, FL move or not???	 city-data
Manatee deaths a record Florida	 city-data
Florida Exodus!	 city-data
Decision time - could use some help from transplanted Northerners	 city-data
West Amarillo or South Lubbock	 city-data
Texas Butter Milk Poll	 city-data
Grits.....with milk (???)	 city-data
Vehicles with Texas license plates in Oklahoma	 city-data
Winter 2009/2010......how bad will it get?	 city-data
Thinking about relocating from Oregon to the Piney Woods or Hill Country	 city-data
Is it just me, or has the 8th plague hit Texas?	 city-data
Snakes in my house....	 city-data
Most Boring Drive/Road to travel on	 city-data
UH vs UTD	 city-data
Texas Monthly describes the big five cities relationship	 city-data
West Texas Vacation May 2013	 city-data
Comparison of Texan Cities	 city-data
San Antonio vs. Houston	 city-data
San Antonio..... Texas' "fattest" city and #2 in the nation!	 city-data
Moving to Texas - Hill Country?	 city-data
Uptown Dallas vs. Uptown Houston	 city-data
More liberal insanity: In Hawaii, it is illegal for a parent to not drive their child home from school!	 city-data
Dog walking dad murdered by two black teens	 city-data
Those of you who dont support homosexuality/lesbianism for religious reasons	 city-data
Prop 8 passing: California will ban Gay Marriage	 city-data
Americans Look As Extremist As Islamic Terrorists Celebrating Bin Laden's Assassination	 city-data
The Founding Fathers And Slavery	 city-data
Enough with these American Indians Blocking Pipelines	 city-data
Liberals Creating A Police State Of Intolerance: Brothers Lose HGTV Show After Anti-Homosexual Remarks	 city-data
OSU Attacker with Large Knife	 city-data
HHS Website For Girls, 10 to 16, Informs Youth About Birth Control, Gay Sex, ‘Mutual Masturbation’-Thank the Left	 city-data
15% of Americans live under poverty in the "greatest nation on Earth"	 city-data
Gay rights advocate arrested for child porn	 city-data
When Are We Going To Take PITCHFORKS After The RICH?	 city-data
Shooting at shopping mall in Munich, people fleeing	 city-data
If you call yourself "pro-life" how can you make exceptions for rape and incest?	 city-data
Presidential Vacation Days To Date: Obama 95 vs. Bush 323 !!!	 city-data
Unemployment Down to 7.8% jobs are now available to nearly everyone!	 city-data
Poor and Middle Class Conservatives, How do you benefit by helping the wealthy?...	 city-data
There's absolutely nothing wrong with shooting someone who has broken into your home	 city-data
Will America be better or worse when whites are a minority?	 city-data
Multiple dead after shooting at Quebec City mosque, police say	 city-data
Obama Releases His Justification For The Assassination Of US Citizens	 city-data
The Rage of the Right	 city-data
Iraq Veteran injured by cops shooting canisters.	 city-data
Dismantle the Public Education System and Privatize it!!	 city-data
Homosexuals stage second "Kiss In" at Mormon Plaza	 city-data
Shootings at Navy building in DC	 city-data
Honest question - What is the fascination with rail systems amongst those left of center?	 city-data
Guns: 9 yr old kills gun instructor with Uzi	 city-data
GOP to send 56th ACA repeal bill to Obama	 city-data
Why are conservatives against Obama going to war with Syria?	 city-data
$15 an Hour and a Union? Here's McD's Answer!	 city-data
This just can't be!!! Hospital treatment with NO insurance!	 city-data
If Jews Get Reparations, Why Not Blacks?	 city-data
WoW!!!- California Could Cut Off Feds In Response To Trump Threats	 city-data
Rand Paul to Filibuster Gun Control	 city-data
Israel ignores our request to stop building settlements on the West Bank - should we stop giving them foreign aid?	 city-data
What is wrong with being homophobic?	 city-data
wages down 28% since 2008- Hope and Change	 city-data
Hollywood fears Oscar acting awards will once again be exclusively white	 city-data
California, New Mexico hold major political debates in Spanish	 city-data
No more black Presidents	 city-data
Group of up to 1000 men assault women in Cologne Station, Germany on New Year's Eve	 city-data
Family prepares for baby No. 19	 city-data
Why do so many "christian" conservatives hate so many people.	 city-data
News Has Black People Breaking In and Robbing Stores All Over the News.	 city-data
Boy Scouts still "morally straight"	 city-data
For the Gun people: What weapons should a citizen NOT have the right to own?	 city-data
Nigeria seeks to criminalize homosexuality	 city-data
Rep Ted Yoho Dances Around Birtherism	 city-data
Does "homophobia" really mean hating gays? [Warning: graphic]	 city-data
Rush Limbaugh apologises to law student for vulgar insults	 city-data
Stimulus is a Big Success and Still Going	 city-data
I have jobs but no one wants them	 city-data
Obama's Birth Certificate - Words Not Lining Up	 city-data
Wake From Your Slumber, America. The Face of Islam:	 city-data
Defendant's Motion to Dismiss Orly Taitz Case	 city-data
Can I marry my sister?	 city-data
Would you ever vote for an openly Muslim president?	 city-data
Anti-Choice(anti-abortion) Crusade Is a Moot Point. Does Anyone Actually See Roe-v-Wade Overturned?	 city-data
AZ Sheriff who opposes Obamacare has heart attack, can't pay his medical bills	 city-data
CA to Confiscate Gun Magazines and Require Checks to buy Ammo	 city-data
Why have people come to believe health care is a "right", when it actually isn't?	 city-data
Why High-Speed Rail will Improve Our Economy	 city-data
The Disintegration of the Black Family	 city-data
You Have a RIGHT to Food and Health Care	 city-data
anti-cervical cancer HPV vaccine - the government has admitted that 1,725 persons have lost their lives	 city-data
Is homophobia as bad as racism?	 city-data
What is Considered On-Topic Here in General US? What topics belong in the City vs. City subforum? What are the Rules?	 city-data
** Limits on types of threads notice ***	 city-data
I like the Midwest	 city-data
Want YOUR advice !! MOVE or NOT ?!?!	 city-data
Least pretentious areas/cities?	 city-data
Which of these US towns/cities would you want to live it if these were the only choices.	 city-data
Top 10 Cities in the Midwest, Empirically Verified	 city-data
Tornado, Hurricane or Earthquake?	 city-data
International Exchange to the US: Where to study?	 city-data
Social classes...	 city-data
Do you think cultural differences between different parts of the US are minimal?	 city-data
Least sprawly metro	 city-data
America's 10 Best Places to Grow Up.......	 city-data
how many miles from your birthplace are you	 city-data
Why the Western United States Is Awesome	 city-data
New list of America's laziest states	 city-data
What are some of the cheesiest subdivision names you ever seen?	 city-data
Which US city would you live in and why?	 city-data
Missouri VS Oklahoma - which has more interesting geography?	 city-data
Northeast with population decline, not just Rust belt. Why?	 city-data
438 million people by 2050 where are they all going to go?	 city-data
You know your American if...	 city-data
Should the US deport illegal immigrants and do more to prevent their arrival?	 city-data
Unfairly overshadowed or inferiority complexes which do you think it is?	 city-data
Increase of Trader Joes, Whole Foods, Fresh N Easy...	 city-data
Conservative cities and suburbs	 city-data
Where in the South would be good for me?	 city-data
Metro Areas with more than one "Downtown Area"	 city-data
That's What I Like About the South!	 city-data
Relocating to southern US, need info	 city-data
Affordable Warm Gay City	 city-data
Yahoo Travel's list of Overrated Tourist Attractions	 city-data
Most beautiful state in the Midwest	 city-data
Where should I grow my company?	 city-data
San Antonio,Louisville or Pittsburgh	 city-data
Has City-Data Made You Feel Better Or Worse About Where You Live?	 city-data
Why are American's so egocentric?	 city-data
Wich state has the best state flag?	 city-data
USA's 20 major cities/metros?	 city-data
How patriotic would you say you are?	 city-data
What State Do You Actually Belong In? (Quiz)	 city-data
Do you think midsized cities have closed the gap on the biggest cities?	 city-data
41 Maps and Charts that Explain the Midwest!	 city-data
When defining regions of the country...	 city-data
Folks Hanging Out In Same Ethnicity Groups And Language	 city-data
Calf Fries in Central and West Texas?	 city-data
Why is the Texas board of education so .... radical?	 city-data
Top ten crime cities in Texas	 city-data
Slap yo Mama restaurant?	 city-data
Best Overall Climate City In Texas?	 city-data
One of the things I miss about Texas.	 city-data
Houston vs. Dallas vs. San Antonio - Which is best for relocation	 city-data
A wanna be Texas transplant!	 city-data
South Padre Island's Ocean Tower Highrise Condo To Be Imploded. (updated title)	 city-data
Dallas vs Houston: An outsiders point of view.	 city-data
west coast transplants	 city-data
Are people moving to Texas randomly and capriciously?	 city-data
Want to move to South East Texas, no idea where?	 city-data
Moving to East Texas	 city-data
Non-PC Areas	 city-data
Oh, man... More snakes in Dallas or Houston?	 city-data
Daughter choosing college...concerned about drug culture as recent frat death	 city-data
TX vs CA I think I finally got it now! Good and bads..	 city-data
Texas "junk food" night...	 city-data
Why is there no major cities in South Texas?	 city-data
We'd Like Some Information On Beaumont	 city-data
State Legislators say Texas lags behind other states in health, education, environment ...	 city-data
Plano versus Sugarland, which place do you prefer?	 city-data
